{"id": 7609, "premise": "There are two kinds of fruit candy and toffee in the jar.The kindergarten teacher put his hands into the jar, and then clenched his fists to take out a piece of candies. Then the teacher said four things: 1. The right hand is definitely not fruit candy. 2. Or the left hand is fruit candies, or fruit candies on the right hand. 3. If the left hand is fruit candies, then the right hand is not fruit candies. 4. Both the left hand and the right hand are fruit candies.", "hypothesis": "Assuming that three of the four sentences the teacher said are true and one is false, the correct option is 'Left hand fruit candy, right hand toffee'.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8443, "premise": "Social phobia is an important subtype of anxiety disorder, its main symptom is the fear of being watched, such as fear of speaking in public, and even afraid to go out when the symptoms are serious. Shyness is a common personality trait, which is not pathological in itself. However, the vast majority of patients with social phobia will be significantly relieved after treatment, and psychotherapy should be the first choice for patients with mild symptoms; if patients are unable or unwilling to receive psychotherapy because of busy work and other reasons, drug treatment can be the first choice, but the combination of drug therapy and psychotherapy is the most effective way to treat social phobia. In addition, most people with social phobias start in adolescence, so prevention is very important.", "hypothesis": "Combination therapy is the most effective in patients with mild symptoms is true according to the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 110, "premise": "Many people who call themselves teachers are not actually teachers, because teaching is not their main source of income.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that low income prevents teachers from being dedicated to their work is assumed by the above discussion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2040, "premise": "There is a sentence in the award message of the annual Top Ten people moving China event held by CCTV: Young people like the wind, he continues to surpass and never give up, which represents an accelerating nation. Dressed in the national flag, he stood in front of the world with a leap. ", "hypothesis": "The prince of the hurdles is not only a record, but also a memory, a lingering strong memory, is mainly used to explain the extreme metaphor 'Young people like the wind' in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2743, "premise": "Violations of the law must be prosecuted, but there is almost no punishment for violations of morality. If this becomes a routine, the people will lose their moral constraints. The threat of moral runaway to social stability is no less than that of law. Therefore, in order to maintain social stability, any violation of morality can not go unpunished.", "hypothesis": "The most appropriate evaluation of the above argument is that it has loopholes, which exaggerates the social harm of moral violations.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12264, "premise": "All highly successful salespersons are both well organized and self-motivated, characteristics absent from many salespersons who are not highly successful. Further, although only those who are highly successful are well known among their peers, no salespersons who are self-motivated regret their career choices.", "hypothesis": "If all of the statements above are true, no salespersons who are well known among their peers regret their career choices must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 183, "premise": "After using various conventional advertising and promotion methods, the online sales revenue of an e-commerce company did not improve as expected. For this reason, the management hired professionals to conduct market analysis. The analysis report proposed that the people who have activated the mobile payment (usually refers to the people who use smartphones to pay for the goods or services they consume)  function are the real potential customer groups of the e-commerce. Therefore, the management decided to cooperate with a large commercial bank to carry out publicity and promotion among the newly opened mobile payment functions. But after a month, the effect was not satisfactory, and the online sales revenue did not increase significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Generally speaking, it takes a period of time for those who have newly opened the mobile payment function to make such online shopping' can best explain the above result.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13578, "premise": "In parts of South America, vitamin-A deficiency is a serious health problem, especially among children. In one region, agriculturists are attempting to improve nutrition by encouraging farmers to plant a new variety of sweet potato called SPK004 that is rich in beta-carotene, which the body converts into vitamin A. The plan has good chances of success, since sweet potato is a staple of the region' s diet and agriculture, and the varieties currently grown contain little beta-carotene.", "hypothesis": "The varieties of sweet potato currently cultivated in the region contain some important nutrients that are lacking in SPK004, if true, most strongly supports the prediction that the plan will succeed.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2513, "premise": "Market research shows that in the price war, the price of famous-brand computers is reduced by no more than 10%, so the price of Shenzhou computers is reduced by no more than 10%.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The market share of Shenzhou computer has increased by 10%' can best overturn the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4377, "premise": "If the weather is fine, Xiao Liu will go on an outing. If his wife does not go with him, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if there is an emergency in the unit, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if today is not Saturday, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing.", "hypothesis": "Assuming that the above statement is correct, then Xiao Liu cannot determine that today is Saturday if he goes on an outing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6124, "premise": "Micro-innovation, this concept is becoming a new direction for Chinese companies to try. Today's technological innovation is no longer a subversive update in many cases. Any small change to the user experience may detonate the entire market. Weibo can be regarded as a micro-innovation on the basis of blogs, lowering the user threshold with 140 characters, and quickly triggering a wave of microblogs for all people. For companies that are accustomed to imitation, how to prevent micro-innovation from becoming a synonym for cottage is the key to the problem.Especially in the Internet field, a lot of phenomenon such as group buying is not uncommon, but it is difficult to see micro-innovation playing a role in it.", "hypothesis": "Copy and imitate can be described by group buying in this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1823, "premise": "Did all ancient Chinese cities have walls? In people's impression, all ancient cities seemed to have walls, especially the towering walls of capital city, which marked the loss of the supreme walls of imperial power and often meant the demise of empires.The city of Beijing in the Ming and Qing dynasties, the city of Bianliang in the Northern Song Dynasty, the city of Yongtang, the city of Changan, the female east capital of Luoyang and so on. The Lifang pattern in these cities and the tall city walls in the periphery constitute the most distinct physical and chemical representation of the imperial capital.", "hypothesis": "The most likely option to be followed by this passage is Ancient Chinese cities without walls.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11991, "premise": "The official listing of an animal species as endangered triggers the enforcement of legal safeguards designed to protect endangered species, such as tighter animal export and trade restrictions and stronger antipoaching laws. Nevertheless, there have been many cases in which the decline in the wild population of a species was more rapid after that species was listed as endangered than before it was so listed.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The process of officially listing a species as endangered can take many years' does most to account for the increase in the rate of population decline described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14642, "premise": "Therapist: Cognitive psychotherapy focuses on changing a patient' s conscious beliefs. Thus, cognitive psychotherapy is likely to be more effective at helping patients overcome psychological problems than are forms of psychotherapy that focus on changing unconscious beliefs and desires, since only conscious beliefs are under the patient' s direct conscious control.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"No form of psychotherapy that focuses on changing the patient's unconscious beliefs and desires can be effective unless it also helps change beliefs that are under the patient's direct conscious control\" would most strengthen the therapist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8539, "premise": "Obligatory norms require people to do or not to do certain acts in some way. Authorized norms show that people have the right to do or not to do certain acts. The relationship between the two is: when an act is established as an obligation, it is also established as a right; denying that an act is an obligation does not mean denying that it is a right; when an act is established as a right, it does not mean that this kind of behavior is an obligation; denying a certain act is a right, that is, denying that a certain act is an obligation.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If it is stipulated that citizens do not have the right to interfere with other people's freedom of marriage, it means that citizens have no obligation to interfere with other people's freedom of marriage' is wrong according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7569, "premise": "There are 42 employees in a college. They either do teaching and research work or do administrative work. In the college, professors do not perform administrative work, and young doctors under the age of 30 are doing administrative work. Many people in the college are They are recruited from overseas, and they all have doctoral degrees.Li Ming is the youngest professor of the college.He is only 29 years old.", "hypothesis": "Some professors in the college are not recruited from overseas can be derived based on the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2089, "premise": "In the early Qing Dynasty, the dramatist Li Yu was seriously ill. He did not agree to see a doctor who could prescribe a doctor to cure a disease, but a doctor who had prescribed a prescription to treat people who had died. This puzzled his wife and mother. Afterwards, Li Yu said, every doctor who can cure a disease must push it when he sees a critically ill patient. There is no ability to treat critically ill patients, and doctors who have killed people are not afraid of severe death. Although they have treated the dead, they have also gained experience. ", "hypothesis": "The option 'We can't blame people for perfection, nor can we not allow others to fail' is not the truth of this story.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11498, "premise": "It is proposed to allow the sale, without prescription, of a medication that physicians currently prescribe to treat the common ear inflammation called swimmer' s ear.  The principal objection is that most people lack the expertise for proper self-diagnosis and might not seek medical help for more serious conditions in the mistaken belief that they have swimmer' s ear. Yet in a recent study, of 1, 000 people who suspected that they had swimmer' s ear, 84 percent had made a correct diagnosis -- a slightly better accuracy rate than physicians have in diagnosing swimmer' s ear. Thus, clearly, most people can diagnose swimmer' s ear in themselves without ever having to consult a physician.", "hypothesis": "Most of the people who diagnosed themselves correctly had been treated by a physician for prior occurrence of swimmer's ear, if true, most undermines the conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12395, "premise": "Vanwilligan: Some have argued that professional athletes receive unfairly high salaries. But in an unrestricted free market, such as the market these athletes compete in, salaries are determined by what someone else is willing to pay for their services. These athletes make enormous profits for their teams' owners, and that is why owners are willing to pay them extraordinary salaries. Thus the salaries they receive are fair.", "hypothesis": "Vanwilligan's conclusion follows logically if the assumption that 'Any salary that a team owner is willing to pay for the services of a professional athlete is a fair salary' is made.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 161, "premise": "Self-contradiction means that in the same thinking or debate process, the same subject makes two negative conclusions about one same object.", "hypothesis": "The assertion that 'Although there are fewer and fewer species of birds in the Antarctic coast, there are still many birds' contains self-contradiction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11108, "premise": "Numerous books describe the rules of etiquette. Usually the authors of such books merely codify standards of behavior by classifying various behaviors as polite or rude. However, this suggests that there is a single, objective standard of politeness. Clearly, standards of politeness vary from culture to culture, so it is absurd to label any one set of behaviors as correct and others as incorrect.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument bases a generalization about all books of etiquette on the actions of a few authors.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4074, "premise": "The right to privacy is the right of individuals to keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential and not to be illegally informed, in order to protect their reputation and image without violating the law.", "hypothesis": "The right of a suspected corruption offender to keep his source of income secret from the media is the right to privacy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12978, "premise": "Fragments of charred antelope bone have recently been found at a million-year-old settlement of Homo erectus, an early human species. This discovery demonstrates that humans were making controlled use of fire to cook meat at a very early stage of their development.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that early human settlements can be identified by the presence of charred antelope bones is made by the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4028, "premise": "To solve the problem of urban traffic congestion, the government has been expanding new roads, but the new road surface is quickly flooded by vehicles. Traffic congestion is not alleviated, but more serious.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People tend to drive on new roads' is the least likely to explain this phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12023, "premise": "Auto industry executive: Statistics show that cars that were built smaller after 1977 to make them more fuel-efficient had a higher incidence of accident-related fatalities than did their earlier, larger counterparts. For this reason we oppose recent guidelines that would require us to produce cars with higher fuel efficiency.", "hypothesis": "New computerized fuel systems can enable large cars to meet fuel efficiency standards established by the recent guidelines would constitute the strongest objection to the executive's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1521, "premise": "Virtual economy is an economic activity in which human beings participate in speculation and simply expect the price of goods (materials or goods) to rise, without involving any material transformation. Strictly speaking, all virtual economic activities are caused by transaction costs, information costs or information asymmetry. From the perspective of reducing transaction costs, information costs or asymmetric information, Virtual economic activities greatly promote their real activities and participate in value manufacturing.", "hypothesis": "The fundamental difference between virtual economy and real economy described in this paragraph is that no value manufacturing is involved.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7052, "premise": "In fact, delaying debt repayment not only does not help to truly resolve the debt risk of local governments, but in most cases, it has planted a more powerful time bomb. Once borrowing the new and returning the old has become the routine practice of local governments, the consequences are unimaginable. In view of this, the central government should take strong measures in time to stop local governments from singing the delaying tactic; Relevant ministries and commissions should also actively consider digesting local government public debt with the help of the capital market, introducing private capital by means of debt securitization and resolving debt risks; Local governments should also appropriately reduce their economic construction functions, realize equal financial and administrative rights, and fundamentally eliminate the living soil of excessive debt.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is that it discusses the effective means to resolve the risk of local government debt.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8354, "premise": "The main culprit for the serious impact of air pollutants on the brain is fine particles, that is, air pollutants less than 2.5 microns in diameter. Once inhaled, they can reach deep into the lungs, enter the bloodstream, and then enter the brain. The fine particles are small enough to cross the blood-brain barrier that blocks large toxic molecules. If fine particles are inhaled through the nose, they can also enter the brain through the olfactory nerves in the nasal cavity. These particles may trigger an inflammatory response, leading to severe brain disease and affecting cognitive ability.", "hypothesis": "The harm of fine particles in air pollutants entering the brain is the main description of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9708, "premise": "At present, the problem of relative poverty in some areas is due to the lack of information and resources. In the modern information society, people who have more information and resources can get more opportunities to get rich; on the contrary, some people who lack information and resources will be gradually divided into relatively poor people. In view of the root causes and main characteristics of relative poverty, while further increasing policy support and capital investment, and speeding up infrastructure construction, we will form the support and guarantee of multi-level resources to solve relative poverty, such as industrial poverty alleviation, financial poverty alleviation, technological poverty alleviation, information poverty alleviation, education poverty alleviation, employment poverty alleviation, cultural poverty alleviation, disaster reduction poverty alleviation, medical poverty alleviation, and so on.", "hypothesis": "The intended description of the passage is that solving relative poverty is an important content and way of poverty alleviation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1056, "premise": "Internet tourism financial service refers to an emerging financial service that the tourism industry relies on Internet tools to realize financing, payment, information intermediary and other businesses. In the future, Internet tourism financial service will also have more advantages.", "hypothesis": "The proportion of Chinese online tourism users aged 36 ~ 45 who choose tourism financial services is higher best supports the above view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6299, "premise": "From dragonflies flying low to predict the weather to toads moving to predict earthquakes, ancient Chinese people have accumulated a lot of experience. These experiences have been passed down from generation to generation, and today, they still have a high degree of trust in people - including today's network. Modern earthquake research emphasizes data and concepts. The accurate prediction of an area in ancient times, with a horizontal comparison with today's information collection, is no longer of universal significance.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on the experience of earthquake prediction accumulated by the people in ancient China is that it can be effectively used in modern seismic research.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10311, "premise": "Zhu Hong: red squirrels make holes in the bark of sugar pines to absorb sap. Since the sap of sugar pine is mainly composed of water and a small amount of sugar, it is roughly certain that red squirrels are looking for water or sugar. Water is easily available in other ways where pine trees grow. Therefore, red pine trees are not trying to dig holes because they are looking for water, they may be looking for sugar. Lina: it must not be looking for sugar but something else, because the concentration of sugar in sugar pine sap is so low that red squirrels have to drink a lot of sap to get a little sugar.", "hypothesis": "If the statement \"Red squirrels do not absorb the sap until most of the water in the sap that seeps from the hole in the tree evaporates\" is true, it is the most serious one that shakes Lin Na's rebuttal to Zhu Hong.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6094, "premise": "In translation, literal translation focuses on the faithfulness to the original text, while free translation focuses on the smoothness of the tone of the translation. People hold their own opinions on which translation method is the most appropriate. In my opinion, the difference between literal translation and free translation should not exist at all. A faithful translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible. Thoughts, feelings and language are consistent and change with each other. There is only one accurate statement for a meaning, another statement, Therefore, if you want to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible, you must try to maintain the sentence organization of the original text. Therefore, literal translation cannot be free translation, and free translation cannot be literal translation.", "hypothesis": "In this passage, the author believes that faithfulness to the original idea is the highest art of translation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6495, "premise": "At the beginning of the 5 th century, the phonetic characters of borrowed Chinese characters called Kana appeared in Japan. In the eighth century, the use of marking Japanese pronunciation with Chinese characters has been relatively fixed and its mark is the compilation of Wanya set, so it is called Wanya Kana. It is the basis for pure Japanese phonetic character. The final creation of Japanese characters was completed by Ji Bei and Hirodhara Master (Konghai). Both of them lived in Tang Dynasty for a long time and studied Chinese characters deeply. The former creates Japanese katakana according to the italic side of phonetic Chinese characters, while the latter uses Kanji cursive to create Japanese Hiragana. Today, Japanese characters, which have occupied an important position in the world, still retain more than 1000 simplified Chinese characters.", "hypothesis": "The intended topic of this paragraph is the influence of Chinese characters on Japanese characters.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10723, "premise": "Company X conducted a taste test to determine whether its new soft drink had a good chance of commercial success. A sample of consumers was asked to compare the flavor of the new soft drink to that of an established brand without knowing the true identity of either beverage. Overwhelmingly, the consumers preferred the taste of the proposed soft drink to that of the established brand. Clearly, Company X has a good chance of commercial success with its new soft drink.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The name of the new soft drink is very close to that of the established brand' would most seriously weaken the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3562, "premise": "Institutional entrepreneurs: refers to those who not only perform the functions of traditional entrepreneurs, but also help establish a market system in the process of their career development. They are highly sensitive to opportunities in the development environment and dare to break through institutional barriers to obtain considerable income.", "hypothesis": "An entrepreneur who innovated the mode of instant messaging to change the way people transmit information is not an institutional entrepreneur according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12926, "premise": "Twelve healthy volunteers with the Apo-A-IV-1 gene and twelve healthy volunteers who instead have the Apo-A-IV-2 gene each consumed a standard diet supplemented daily by a high-cholesterol food. A high level of cholesterol in the blood is associated with an increased risk of heart disease. After three weeks, the blood cholesterol levels of the subjects in the second group were unchanged, whereas the blood cholesterol levels of those with the Apo-A-IV-1 gene rose 20 percent.", "hypothesis": "The presence of the Apo-A-IV-1 gene seems to indicate that a person has a lower risk of heart disease is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12195, "premise": "The more television children watch, the less competent they are in mathematical knowledge. More than a third of children in the United States watch television for more than five hours a day; in South Korea the figure is only 7 percent. But whereas less than 15 percent of children in the United States understand advanced measurement and geometric concepts, 40 percent of South Korean children are competent in these areas. Ttherefore, if United States children are to do well in mathematics, they must watch less television.", "hypothesis": "Children in the United States being less interested in advanced measurement and geometric concepts than are South Korean children is an assumption upon which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6703, "premise": "The national economy is an organic whole, like a machine, each part has its own function, its normal operation is determined by the components and overall performance, whether it can be fast or not will waste the machine, and blindly ask for speed will damage the machine.", "hypothesis": "Coordinated development of the national economy best supports this view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4175, "premise": "Insomnia or poor sleep quality can seriously affect people's physical and mental health. The survey found that many people with poor sleep have a habit of drinking coffee before going to bed. Therefore, drinking coffee helps to improve the quality of sleep. Is the auxiliary means that treats insomnia.", "hypothesis": "Coffee as an auxiliary treatment for insomnia can have serious side effects is the strongest rebuttal to the conclusion of the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4238, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that in the past 200 years, the earth's magnetic field has decayed sharply. Scientists said that, at this speed, it may completely disappear in the next 1,000 years, and the earth's creatures will face an unprecedented cosmic ray catastrophe.", "hypothesis": "Earth's magnetic field can block radiation from space can be inferred from the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3224, "premise": "A charitable foundation received an unsigned donation. After investigation, it was learned that it was donated by Lin Chuan, Wu Fei, Zheng Fu and one of Guo Bo. When asked, Lin Chuan said, I didn't donate, Zheng Fu said: it was donated by Wu Fei, Wu Fei said: it was donated by Guo Bo, and Guo Bo said: it wasn't donated by me.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the four speaks the truth, Zheng Fu lied and donated it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10756, "premise": "Plantings of cotton bioengineered to produce its own insecticide against bollworms, a major cause of crop failure, sustained little bollworm damage until this year. This year the plantings are being seriously damaged by bollworms. Bollworms, however, are not necessarily developing resistance to the cotton' s insecticide. Bollworms breed on corn, and last year more corn than usual was planted throughout cotton-growing regions. So it is likely that the cotton is simply being overwhelmed by corn-bred bollworms.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, establishing whether other crops that have been bioengineered to produce their own insecticide successfully resist the pests against which the insecticide was to protect them would be most useful.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1261, "premise": "Although the pricing of operating pension institutions is liberalized and the government cannot intervene, from the point of view of protecting the rights and interests of buyers, stabilizing the price of old-age beds and standardizing market order, the parties concerned need to be highly vigilant of the problems brought about by this business model of selling beds. For example, if beds can be speculated, it may deviate from the nature of beds in pension institutions-turning pension services into a form of investment, and it may also coax up the price of beds in pension institutions, making it impossible for the elderly to afford or live in. In addition, there is likely to be idle waste after the bed price is high. In short, if not regulated, it is possible to repeat the mistakes of property speculation in China's property market.", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that the government should standardize the management model of pension institutions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7609, "premise": "There are two kinds of fruit candy and toffee in the jar.The kindergarten teacher put his hands into the jar, and then clenched his fists to take out a piece of candies. Then the teacher said four things: 1. The right hand is definitely not fruit candy. 2. Or the left hand is fruit candies, or fruit candies on the right hand. 3. If the left hand is fruit candies, then the right hand is not fruit candies. 4. Both the left hand and the right hand are fruit candies.", "hypothesis": "Assuming that three of the four sentences the teacher said are true and one is false, the correct option is 'Left hand toffee, right hand fruit candies.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2907, "premise": "Professor Lan believes that a person who is not good at thinking cannot become a good manager. There is no humble wise man who learns astrology. Astrologers all learn astrology, but some astrologers are good managers.", "hypothesis": "All humble wise men are good thinking people, if true, can best refute professor Lan's above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3004, "premise": "An aircraft engine manufacturer has developed a new engine with safety features that early models lack, while early models are still in production. In the first year when both models were sold at the same time, sales of the early models exceeded those of the new models, and the manufacturer concluded that safety was not the customer's top priority.", "hypothesis": "The statement that 'the new type of engine can be used by all aircraft using the old type of engine' most seriously weakens the manufacturer's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11949, "premise": "Bacteria that benefit human beings when they are present in the body are called commensals. The bacterium Helicobacter pylori plays a primary role in the development of stomach ulcers. But since stomach ulcers occur in less than 10 percent of those harboring H. pylori, and since it allegedly strengthens immune response, many scientists now consider it a commensal. But this is surely misguided. Only about 10 percent of the people who harbor Mycobacter tuberculosis -- a bacterium that can cause tuberculosis -- get sick from it, yet no one would call M. tuberculosis a commensal.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People who harbor M. tuberculosis derive no benefit from its presence' most seriously undermines the argument's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4462, "premise": "There are two kinds of agricultural products A and B. A cannot grow in dry climate and B cannot grow in cold climate. In most parts of a country, either agricultural product Aor agricultural product B can be planted.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, the statement 'This country can only grow agricultural products A' must be false.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11306, "premise": "The gu, the hu, and the jue are types of bronze libation vessels that were produced in China during the Shang dynasty, almost 4, 000 years ago. Close examination of authentic gu, hu, and jue vessels reveals that they all bear incised patterns symbolizing the taotie, a mythological beast of greed. It must be true then that any bronze libation vessel that does not bear incised patterns symbolizing the taotie is not an authentic vessel produced in China during the Shang dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The argument makes the error of reasoning of treating the fact that some members of a category possess a certain characteristic as sufficient evidence that possession of the characteristic is necessary for membership in that category.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2851, "premise": "Children's Day is coming, the kindergarten teacher for the class Xiao Ming, Xiao Lei, Xiao Gang, Xiao Fang, florets and other 5 children prepared red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple and other 7 gifts. It is known that all gifts are given, and each gift can only be received by one person, with a maximum of two gifts per person. In addition, the gift delivery also needs to meet the following requirements :(1) if Xiao Ming receives an orange gift, Xiao  Fang will receive a blue gift; (2) If Xiao Lei does not receive a red gift, Xiao Fang will not receive a blue gift; (3) If Xiao Gang does not receive a yellow gift, then Xiao Gang will not receive a purple gift; (4) No one can receive both yellow and green gifts. Xiao Ming only got orange presents, and Xiao Hua only got purple presents.", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, if Xiao Gang received two gifts, it can be concluded that Xiao Gang received yellow and cyan presents.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2756, "premise": "Professor Lin suffers from bronchitis. In order to achieve curative effect, Dr. Zhang asked Professor Lin to quit smoking immediately.", "hypothesis": "Professor Lin smokes inferior cigarettes is preset by Dr. Zhang's requirements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2543, "premise": "Mr. Harry must be a senior employee of the company. He always wears a tie to work.", "hypothesis": "The premise that the company has a policy that men wear ties and formal clothes to work is the basis for the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3023, "premise": "Johnson is likely to win the 110m hurdles.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Johnson is bound to lose the 110m hurdles' is closest to the meaning of the above propositions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5763, "premise": "Heterogeneous human capital refers to the human capital with the form of increasing productivity in a particular historical stage, which is manifested as the unique abilities of the owner. These abilities mainly include: comprehensive coordination ability, judgment and decision-making ability, learning and innovation ability and ability to bear risks, etc.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement that \"A packaging factory was not profitable. After the designer Wang applied to the factory, due to his novel design and fresh style, the packaging products of the factory became popular all at once\" does not involve heterogeneous human capital.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4448, "premise": "Secondary pollution refers to the re pollution of the environment caused by the physical, chemical or biological effects of pollutants discharged into the environment from pollution sources.", "hypothesis": "The harmful compounds in automobile exhaust produce photochemical reaction under the action of sunlight to produce a variety of strong oxidants dominated by ozone, which is harmful to human health belongs to secondary pollution.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 704, "premise": "Inference by complete induction: it refers to the conclusion that each individual food in a certain kind of food has a certain property, and this kind of food generally has this property:", "hypothesis": "The statement 'We found cells in animals and plants and nuclei in plant cells, so we deduced that there were also nuclei in animal cells. Later, we observed them with a microscope, and sure enough, we found nuclei in animal cells' belongs to inference by complete induction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2583, "premise": "The cricket is a very interesting little animal. On a quiet summer night, there were bursts of clear and melodious calls in the grass. It was the cricket singing. The beautiful song of the cricket came not from its good voice, but from its wings. When the left and right wings open and close and rub against each other, they can make a pleasant sound. The cricket is also an expert in architecture. Compared with its soft digging tools, the cricket's house is a great project. At the door of his house, there is a very comfortable platform. On summer nights, crickets are sure to sing on this platform unless it rains or it's windy.", "hypothesis": "If it is not windy, crickets will sing on the platform on a rainless summer night.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14876, "premise": "Garbage in this neighborhood probably will not be collected until Thursday this week. Garbage is usually collected here on Wednesdays, and the garbage collectors in this city are extremely reliable. However, Monday was a public holiday, and after a public holiday that falls on a Monday, garbage throughout the city is supposed to be collected one day later than usual.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by treating several pieces of irrelevant evidence as though they provide support for the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1689, "premise": "In the naval battle between Britain and Denmark in Copenhagen, British Navy Colonel Nelson was in danger and received a signal to retreat. When the captain asked him what to do, he raised the telescope to one of his blind eyes and said, I don't see that signal. So he bravely continued to command the battle, and the result was victory, and Denmark was forced to call a truce.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1792, "premise": "Today, with multiple interests and highly developed information network, government administration is inseparable from public participation. Working behind closed doors and going one's own way, it is easy to disagree with the public and have to face pressure from public opinion, stability considerations and even higher authorities. The public often mistrust the government because of their lack of foresight and understanding of decision-making, which affects the credibility of the government. In this sense, the introduction of public participation is a necessary choice for the government in the process of administration.", "hypothesis": "The importance of transparency in government decision-making process is intended to be explained in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7265, "premise": "People without integrity don't know self-respect, and people who don't know self-respect can't win the respect of others.", "hypothesis": "Those who can win the respect of others are honest can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3136, "premise": "The Champions League has entered the semi-final stage: the Bei team of Spain's first-class Football League is against the Qi team of the British Premier League, and the Ba team of Spain's first-class Football League is against the Qie team of Germany's first-class Football League. Before the game, Joe predicted that the champion can only be produced in the two teams of Spain's first-class Football League; Xiao Zhou predicted that Bei and Qi could only win the runner up at most. After the game, it proved that their predictions were incorrect.", "hypothesis": "A team of the British Premier League won the championship.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13736, "premise": "The blue-tipped puffer is a migratory bird that is found along the coast of this state in summer months. The puffers enjoy the seeds of Thomson' s Mulberry trees; because these trees are plentiful in the state' s Coastal Park, traditionally many blue-tipped puffers would be found in the park during summer months. Ten years ago, the grey fox, a primary predator of the puffer, was re-introduced into the park, and its numbers have been thriving. Over that time, we have seen many fewer puffers in the park during the summer months. Clearly, the puffers are choosing to spend their summers elsewhere.", "hypothesis": "The most important factor to determine in order to evaluate the argument is whether other coastal areas in the state have seen an increase in the number of blue-tipped puffers over the last decade.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2057, "premise": "British cruise ships sold to Egypt were unpopular at first, while French-built cruise ships sold better. It turns out that there are many empty spaces for French cruise ships, but the rooms for British cruise ships are much larger than those built in France. Through analysis, the British come to the conclusion that psychologically, people care about the width of the outside far more than the need for the width of the room. As a result, the British shrank the size of the rooms on the cruise ship and widened the rest. As a result, British cruise ships became bestsellers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The moderation of width and narrowness is what we really need' is an inaccurate understanding of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9080, "premise": "Ethicist: under normal circumstances, it is wrong to take some kind of experimental medical treatment without the patient's consent, because the patient has the right to know all the detailed medical options available and to accept or reject a certain treatment. However, in the case of emergency treatment, sometimes only beyond the patient's right of consent to experimental treatment can we know how to best deal with emergency patients. Therefore, some restricted experimental treatments without the patient's consent should be allowed.", "hypothesis": "In at least some cases of emergency treatment, the possible benefits of experimental treatment without the patient's consent are more important than the patient's right of consent is an assumption required for this ethicist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3338, "premise": "Factory director: the adoption of the new process flow can greatly reduce the sulfur dioxide produced by the copper smelting workshop. The key point of this new process is to replace the original open furnace with a closed furnace. However, not only does it cost a lot to purchase and install new equipment, but also the cost of operating the new process is higher than the current process. Therefore, on the whole, the adoption of the new process flow will greatly increase the production cost and make the plant unprofitable. Chief engineer: I have different opinions. In fact, the smelting capacity of the latest closed furnace is unmatched by the existing open furnace.", "hypothesis": "The chief engineer and the factory director are most likely to disagree on whether the smelting capacity of the latest closed furnace is indeed significantly better than that of the existing open furnace.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8378, "premise": "Township sages mediation refers to the civil mediation method in which rural dignitaries with high prestige and influence come forward to resolve disputes after disputes occur among villagers.", "hypothesis": "Lao Zhou and Lao Ma went to court because of the dispute over loans. After the court accepted it, they went to the village for a hearing and invited several township sages to attend. After on-the-spot mediation, the two sides reached an understanding does not belong to the township sages mediation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14448, "premise": "Critic: Fillmore, an influential television executive, argues that watching television regularly is not detrimental to very young children. Fillmore bases this on the claim, which I grant, that children can learn much that is beneficial from television. But we should reject Fillmore' s argument, because clearly it is to Fillmore' s benefit to convince parents that television is not harmful to their children.", "hypothesis": "The flaw in the critic's reasoning is that it rejects an argument solely on the grounds that the argument could serve the interests of the person making that argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12349, "premise": "The notion that one might be justified in behaving irrationally in the service of a sufficiently worthy end is incoherent. For if such an action is justified, then one would be behaving rationally, not irrationally.", "hypothesis": "The argument that one cannot intend to spill a glass of water accidentally and that spilling it accidentally means that the act will not have been done intentionally is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12147, "premise": "In a recent study, a group of subjects had their normal daily caloric intake increased by 25 percent. This increase was entirely in the form of alcohol. Another group of similar subjects had alcohol replace nonalcoholic sources of 25 percent of their normal daily caloric intake. All subjects gained body fat over the course of the study, and the amount of body fat gained was the same for both groups.", "hypothesis": "An increased amount of body fat does not necessarily imply a weight gain is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13900, "premise": "Susan: Many rare plants have provided cures for various diseases. Since many plants have been lost to extinction, it is likely that there could have been cures for many more diseases. That is why it is important for us to manage our resources responsibly and prevent plant extinction. Robert: But plants are not our resources, they are part of the same environment we inhabit, and we are not superior to them. We must treat plants as the co-equal inhabitants of this planet that they are.", "hypothesis": "The issue of whether plants should be treated humanely is one about which Susan and Robert disagree.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3983, "premise": "Conditional civil legal act means a civil legal act with a condition that determines the validity or elimination of the act.", "hypothesis": "The conditional civil legal act is A, B to enter into a lease contract. Promise to terminate the contract when lessor A's son needs to decorate the new house once he gets married.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10699, "premise": "Multiple sclerosis is an autoimmune disease: white blood cells attack the myelin sheath that protects nerve fibers in the spinal cord and brain. Medical science now has a drug that can be used to successfully treat multiple sclerosis, but the path that led medical researchers to this drug was hardly straightforward. Initially, some scientists believed attacks characteristic of multiple sclerosis might be triggered by chronic viral infections. So in 1984 they began testing gamma interferon, one of the body' s own antiviral weapons. To their horror, all the multiple sclerosis patients tested became dramatically worse. The false step proved to be instructive however.", "hypothesis": "Gamma interferon stopping white blood cells from producing myelin-destroying compounds is LEAST compatible with the results of the gamma interferon experiment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13203, "premise": "In preagricultural societies, social roles were few and were easily predicted for each phase of a person' s life. Accordingly, interpersonal relations, although not always pleasant or fair, were stable and predictable. Modern society, on the other hand, has thousands of different social roles. Technology and consumerism require that each of us fill highly particularized niches, and these niches are differentiating at an astonishing pace. Ttherefore, __ .", "hypothesis": "The statement 'interpersonal relations in modern societies are less stable and less predictable than they were in preagricultural societies' most logically completes the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14831, "premise": "Recent research indicates that increased consumption of fruits and vegetables by middle-aged people reduces their susceptibility to stroke in later years. The researchers speculate that this may be because fruits and vegetables are rich in folic acid. Low levels of folic acid are associated with high levels of homocysteine, an amino acid that contributes to blocked arteries.", "hypothesis": "A decreased risk of stroke is correlated with increased levels of folic acid is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4937, "premise": "An agent refers to an institution or entity that acts as an agent for the sales, service and other related business matters of a certain product. The agent does not buy out the product, does not bear the risk of being unable to sell, and does not enjoy the profit of product sales, but depends on the service commission given by the product.", "hypothesis": "Engage in activities for the benefit of the client, and the economic benefits and losses caused by his actions shall be borne by the client does not belong to the characteristics that an agent should have.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13052, "premise": "Company spokesperson: Household Products magazine claims that our Filterator X water filter does not remove chemical contaminants in significant amounts. This attack on the quality of our product is undermined by the experience of the millions of Filterator X owners who are satisfied with the product' s performance.", "hypothesis": "Most Filterator X owners have no way to determine how effectively the product removes chemical contaminants from water most seriously undermines the company spokesperson's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11730, "premise": "The Hyksos invaded the Nile Delta of Egypt and ruled it from 1650 to 1550 B. C. Their origin is uncertain, but archaeologists hypothesize that they were Canaatites. In support of this hypothesis, the archaeologists point out that excavations of Avaris, the Hyksos capital in Egypt, have uncovered large numbers of artifacts virtually identical to artifacts produced in Ashkelon, a major city of Canaan at the time of the Hyksos' invasion.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the force of the archaeologists' evidence, it would be most useful to determine whether any artifacts produced by the Hyksos after 1550 B.C. have been found in Egypt.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 386, "premise": "Several students guessed the ranking of the physics competition. Zhong said, Hua is third and Ren is fifth. Hua said, Min is fifth and Gong is fourth. Ren said, Zhong is first and Min is fourth. Min said, Ren is first and Hua is second.Gong said, Zhong is third and Min is fourth. It is known that there is no parallel ranking in this competition, and there are talents for each ranking.", "hypothesis": "Ren is first, Hua is second, Zhong is third, Gong is fourth and Min is fifth should be the ranking.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14798, "premise": "Recently, many traffic lights and street markings were temporarily removed from a heavily traveled street in a major metropolitan area. Given that this street experiences significant volumes of automobile traffic, the number of accidents on the street was expected to increase. However, even though the street experienced no reduction in traffic, the number of accidents was greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The lack of traffic lights and street markings caused drivers to drive more cautiously' most helps to resolve the apparent conflict described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13340, "premise": "Television commercial: Compared to other television cable services, Acme is clearly superior. Around the nation, thousands of satisfied Acme customers have testified on Acme' s website that they have had uninterrupted cable service for two or more years. Some of these Acme customers even testify that they have had uninterrupted cable service for five years! Obviously, if you sign up for Acme television cable service, you can be assured that you will have uninterrupted cable service for years at a time.", "hypothesis": "The commercial makes a broad conclusion based on a few choice circumstances that may, or may not, be representative is the reason why the television commercial's reasoning is most susceptible to criticism.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12691, "premise": "Activist: Although the environmental bill before the legislature is popular with voters, it will have mainly negative economic consequences if it is passed, especially when we try to lure new businesses to our country. Great leaders have the courage to look beyond popularity to what is sound policy; legislators ought to do the same by not voting for this bill.", "hypothesis": "The activist's argumentation is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it presumes, without providing justification, that most of the legislators are great leaders.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6611, "premise": "Cultural and creative industry is a kind of new business type that integrates culture, creativity, science and technology, capital, manufacturing and other elements. Americans have made big creative industries with a glass of water (Coca-Cola), a bread (McDonald's), a chip (Intel) and a mouse (Disney), which generate far more profits and impact than their cars, steel and other industries.", "hypothesis": "Coca-Cola and McDonald's are one of the representatives of American cultural and creative industries conforms to the original meaning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7823, "premise": "Structural unemployment refers to the unemployment caused by changes in economic structure, system and growth mode, which makes the supply structure of labor force inconsistent with the demand structure in terms of skills, experience, types of work, knowledge, age, gender, subjective will and region.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhao graduated from university last year and wanted to stay and work in a big city, but he couldn't make a difference, and in desperation, he continued to study and prepare to apply for a master's degree is not structural unemployment according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1212, "premise": "There is an elderly model in Redmi mobile phone, which is an innovation forced according to the user feedback in the forum. We first heard a large number of users complain that the elderly dare not use smart phones because the Android system is too complex for the elderly to know what to do. Technicians focus on developing products on these issues. The current Redmi mobile phone 'elderly mode' removes all information aggregation and focuses on the card interface, laying out the functions such as SMS, phone, news and photography that the elderly can use on the desktop very good. ", "hypothesis": "What the market needs should be decided by consumers, not enterprises is confirmed by the above cases.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5554, "premise": "Ireland has a large area of peat, rich wetland environmentalists have been opposed to coal mining in wetland areas.Their argument is that mining peat can damage the ecological balance of Ireland's wetlands, with immediate and serious consequences for polluting water sources. However, this fear is untenable. In the last 50 years of statistics, there have never been any reports of contaminated water sources due to coal mining.", "hypothesis": "In Ireland, the ecological environment of coal mining wetlands is not substantially different from that before mining best reinforces the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14030, "premise": "If deep-sea divers ascend too rapidly from ocean depths, the decreasing pressure causes nitrogen to be released as gas bubbles in the blood. This condition is known as the bends.  Sea snakes, who, like humans, breathe air that contributes nitrogen to the blood, are nevertheless able to make extremely rapid ascents and descents in ocean waters without suffering from the bends.", "hypothesis": "Sea snakes, unlike humans, can excrete nitrogen from their blood into the sea by means of extremely small blood vessels beneath their skin contributes most to an explanation of the difference described between humans and sea snakes.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 671, "premise": "Unpaid prompting: non economic remuneration refers to the remuneration received by employees from their own work. Employees are praised, promoted and valued for their hard work, resulting in a sense of work honor, achievement and responsibility, as well as social respect and career development opportunities", "hypothesis": "Organize some employees to travel abroad before the Spring Festival is not unpaid prompting.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14805, "premise": "All unemployed artists are sympathetic to social justice. And no employed artists are interested in the prospect of great personal fame.", "hypothesis": "If the claims made above are true, then if there are artists interested in the prospect of great personal fame, they are sympathetic to social justice.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4722, "premise": "Employment discrimination refers to a phenomenon that the employer has no legal basis and makes various restrictive provisions on potential employees in the future, so as to exclude the equal employment right of personnel who should be in line with relevant positions.", "hypothesis": "A company recruits ordinary clerks and requires candidates to be unmarried women is employment discrimination according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8358, "premise": "There are many repertoire of dazzling skills in classical music, and there are multiple forces to promote dazzling skills in the development of history. Sometimes, it is the composer who wants to test the limits of sound, writing a passage that the performer at that time generally cannot play for the sake of melody or harmony. Sometimes, it is the composer who does not know enough about a solo instrument to think rationally from the point of view of playing, so he writes a piece that is difficult or even impossible to play. Sometimes, it is the performer who takes the initiative to pursue a breakthrough, asking for music that could not be performed in the past, so as to highlight the difference between himself and other performers.", "hypothesis": "The performer takes the initiative to perform a breakthrough in order to highlight his own personality is not in line with the meaning of the text with regard to the driving force of the dazzling skills of music.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10665, "premise": "Nutrition education in schools once promoted daily consumption of food from each of the four food groups: milk, meat, fruit and vegetables, and breads and cereals. This recommendation was, however, dangerous to health.", "hypothesis": "The division into four groups gave the impression that an equal amount of each should be consumed, but milk and meat tend to contain fats that promote heart disease and cancer and should be eaten in lesser amounts provides support for the critique above EXCEPT.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9127, "premise": "When a star in the entertainment industry was accused of evading personal income tax, she defended herself: over the years, I have paid millions of yuan in personal income tax, which is more than my cousin's state-owned machinery factory. Is this also a sin? ", "hypothesis": "The tax paid by an individual is higher than that paid by a state-owned machinery factory, which does not mean that her contribution to society is greater than that of a state-owned machinery factory accurately points out the flaws in the above defense.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4689, "premise": "Interbank lending refers to the business mode of mutual financing of short-term funds between financial institutions, which aims to adjust short positions and temporary capital surplus and shortage.", "hypothesis": "Interbank lending is not described by the statement \"Bank A invests in real estate with funds.\" Interbank lending refers to the lending of funds between banks, typically for the purpose of meeting reserve requirements or for short-term borrowing needs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8413, "premise": "Xiao Li said to Xiao Zhang, you eat less pickles. If you eat too salty at ordinary times, you will get high blood pressure in the future. Xiao Zhang retorted: whether you eat salty or not has nothing to do with high blood pressure. You see, people in the 1950s ate pickle bumps every day, and not so many people have high blood pressure now.", "hypothesis": "Eating too much salt will affect the absorption of calcium and zinc, easily suffer from osteoporosis, and increase the metabolic burden of liver and kidney will not help Xiao Li question Xiao Zhang's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13722, "premise": "Principle: A law whose purpose is to protect wild animal populations should not be enforced against those whose actions do not threaten wild animal populations. Application: Even though there is a law against capturing wild snakes, which was enacted to protect wild snake populations, snake charmers who violate this law should not be prosecuted.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"Since there are relatively few snake charmers and they each capture relatively few snakes per year, snake charmers have a minimal effect on wild populations\" most justifies the above application of the principle.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10168, "premise": "In a magic show, from the seven magicians - G.H.K.L.N.P and Q, select 6 to perform, perform into two teams: 1 team and 2 team. Each team by the front, middle and after three positions, playing the magician just each occupies a position, the selection and position arrangement of the magician must meet the following conditions :(1) if the arrangement of G or H play, they must be in the front. (2) If K is to play, he must be in the middle. (3) If L is to play, he must be in team 1. (4) Neither P nor K can be on the same team as N. (5) P cannot be in the same team as Q. (6) If H is in team 2, Q is in the middle position of team 1.", "hypothesis": "If H is in team 2, Front: L Middle: Q Rear: N is listed as an acceptable arrangement for team 1.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10303, "premise": "With the increase of age, people's daily demand for calories is decreasing, while the demand for vitamin B6 is gradually increasing. Unless older people take vitamin B6 as a supplement, or eat foods that contain more vitamin B6 than they ate when they were young, they are unlikely to get the vitamin B6 they need.", "hypothesis": "The answer to the question 'Did most people eat far more vitamin B6 than they needed every day when they were young?' is most helpful to evaluate the appeal argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5368, "premise": "Compensation of competence refers to the mutual substitution and compensation of different competences of the same individual or among members of the organization, so as to maintain or maintain the normal progress of activities. Among them, radiation compensation refers to the phenomenon that the superior ability effectively strengthens the mutual connection between various abilities or drives the improvement of other abilities at the same time. Amplified compensation refers to the high development of superior capabilities, which effectively compensates for some weak capabilities.", "hypothesis": "Radiation compensation is applied to the No. 7 player of Country A football team.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4369, "premise": "Living gifts refer to the donation of money to children, grandchildren and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or to use it for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.", "hypothesis": "Chairman Li handed over 80% of his property and the entire group to his daughter, and then lived in the mountain village by himself is a living gift.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4461, "premise": "Place names are the product of human activities in various historical times. They have rich scientific connotations such as history, geography, language, economy, nationality and society. They are a special cultural phenomenon and a living fossil of human history. According to statistics, there are more than 22000 surnames in ancient and modern China. It can be inferred that there are not few words involving surnames in place names.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People in patriarchal society often live together by surnames, and surnames have become the highlight of the most distinctive meaning in place names' best supports the above conjecture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2828, "premise": "The newly extruded milk contains lysozyme and other antibacterial active ingredients. The lysozyme activity of a cup of raw milk was reduced by 50% when heated in the microwave oven to 50 degree. However, if raw milk is heated to 50 degree using a conventional heat source, the lysozyme activity in it is almost the same as before heating, so the enzyme is inactivated not by heating but by the microwave that generates heat.", "hypothesis": "It takes longer to heat liquid milk to 50 degrees with a conventional heat source than it does with a microwave most weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11465, "premise": "Bus driver: Had the garbage truck not been exceeding the speed limit, it would not have collided with the bus I was driving. I, on the other hand, was abiding by all traffic regulations -- as the police report confirms. Ttherefore, although I might have been able to avoid the collision had I reacted more quickly, the bus company should not reprimand me for the accident.", "hypothesis": "The principle that if a vehicle whose driver is violating a traffic regulation collides with a vehicle whose driver is not, the driver of the first vehicle is solely responsible for the accident, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning in the bus driver's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13707, "premise": "Sigatoka disease drastically reduces the yield of banana trees and is epidemic throughout the areas of the world where bananas are grown. The fungus that causes the disease can be controlled with fungicides, but the fungicides can pose a health hazard to people living nearby. The fungicides are thus unsuitable for small banana groves in populated areas. Fortunately, most large banana plantations are in locations so isolated that fungicides can be used safely there. Ttherefore, most of the world' s banana crop is not seriously threatened by Sigatoka disease.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that Sigatoka disease spreads more slowly on large plantations than in small banana groves is one on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10527, "premise": "Every politician has to please his voters. Although Ma Ying-jeou is an honest man, he is also a politician. No one can please his voters without occasional ambiguity.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, Ma Ying-jeou will say some vague words must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1068, "premise": "Recently, the images taken by the Mars rover in the Galle crater found that there were soil samples similar to the earth's soil crack profile in the ancient soil in the Martian crater. Usually, such soil exists in the Antarctic Dry Valley and the Atacama Desert in Chile, suggesting that there may be life on Mars in ancient times.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The loss of phosphorus in the soil crack profile is of particular interest because this phenomenon also exists in the earth's soil, which is due to microbial activity' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14697, "premise": "Traditionally, the most highly sought cars have been the sports cars and similar two-door models. Nevertheless, Zincstone Motors has chosen to eliminate the last two-door models and produce only four-door models.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After a spate of recent additional safety requirements, the cost of frame and doors of Zincstone Motors' standard two-door models are now three times as expensive as standard four-door frame and doors' would, if true, most help to explain Zincstone Motors' strategy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14705, "premise": "In 1987 Fabrico, a clothing manufacturer, sold to its customers a total of 2. 3 million dollars worth of clothing, a 17 percent increase over 1986 sales. In January 1988, however, Fabrico closed one of its clothing factories, citing reduced demand for its products as the major reason.", "hypothesis": "If Fabrico's employees dropped earlier demands for a 25 percent increase in company-paid benefits and a 15 percent increase in hourly wages, it contributes most to a resolution of the apparent discrepancy noted between the sales figures and the reason offered for closing a factory in 1987.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8854, "premise": "Aluminum alloys have widely replaced steel in military equipment because they provide the same protection and are lighter. But an armored vehicle made of aluminum alloy costs twice as much as a armored vehicle made of steel. Therefore, from a financial point of view, it is not advisable to replace the armored vehicles made of steel with armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy with the same protective performance.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The operating cost of the armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy is 1/3 of that of the armored vehicles made of steel with the same performance' can raise greater doubts about the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1827, "premise": "If we compare life to a circle in geometry, it is very difficult for you to find out where the starting point is and where the end is on the circle that has been drawn.But if you want to find out how long the radius is, it is easier to find out the original radius, and there is also a radius in life.The width, thickness and post-weight of life is determined by the radius of your life, the larger the radius of life, the greater the space for your life.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Although life is a variable thing, it can also be measured\" is the gist of the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3831, "premise": "The land tragedy, also known as the public tragedy, only enjoying the departure from your own private gain, striving for more interests, and there is a cost of paying.", "hypothesis": "Some enterprises discharge sewage, chemical substances, radioactive pollutants and high-temperature wastes into water bodies and toxic waste gases into the atmosphere is not a land tragedy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7669, "premise": "Zhang is dead. The medical examiner found out that he died of poisoning. Zhang's two neighbors An and B said this to police Zhao who came to investigate. A: if Zhang died of murder, his death had something to do with his wife Li , because she was divorcing with Zhang during this period; B: Zhang either committed suicide or died of murder, which could not be an accident. After listening to the words of A and B, police Zhao made the following two judgments: (1) if what A and B said were right or wrong, then Zhang died in an accident; (2) if one of A and B was wrong, then Zhang did not die in an accident. Later, after ascertaining the facts, it was found that police Zhao's judgment was correct.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, Zhang was murdered can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14791, "premise": "In casual conversation, people experience little psychological discomfort in admitting that they have some particular character flaw, but only if they consider trivial the flaw to which they admit. Ttherefore, if in a casual conversation an individual readily admits that he or she has some particular character flaw, the individual must not consider that flaw to be serious.", "hypothesis": "In casual conversation, people readily admit to having a character flaw only when that admission causes them little psychological discomfort is an assumption necessary to the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10147, "premise": "The nature of capital is the pursuit of profit. In the first half of 2004, my country's price rise exceeded the interest rate of bank deposits. From January to July, residents' income continued to increase, but the growth rate of residents' savings deposits continued to decline. In July, the outflow of deposits reached about 100 billion yuan, while the proportion of time deposits in total deposits continued to decline.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because the interest rate on bank deposits is too low, many residents consider whether to buy stocks or funds' best explains the flow of most of the 100 billion yuan in savings.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13707, "premise": "Sigatoka disease drastically reduces the yield of banana trees and is epidemic throughout the areas of the world where bananas are grown. The fungus that causes the disease can be controlled with fungicides, but the fungicides can pose a health hazard to people living nearby. The fungicides are thus unsuitable for small banana groves in populated areas. Fortunately, most large banana plantations are in locations so isolated that fungicides can be used safely there. Ttherefore, most of the world' s banana crop is not seriously threatened by Sigatoka disease.", "hypothesis": "Large plantations produce most or all of the world's bananas is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9882, "premise": "Climate insurance is a kind of for the assets, livelihood of the climate risk and loss of life support guarantee mechanism, it through in a larger space and time within the scope of insurance payments on a regular basis to determine the small premium to deal with uncertain climate risk loss, to ensure that losses during direct climate risk insurance is to obtain effectively and quickly.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, unusually dry weather causing a large area of rice production is covered by climate insurance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2217, "premise": "Family economy means that businesses use people's attention to family relations to hold commercial profit promotion activities during traditional festivals.", "hypothesis": "During the Double Ninth Festival, massage chairs and health products in many shopping malls have different degrees of discounts belongs to the family economy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12200, "premise": "Every fall Croton' s jays migrate south. The jays always join flocks of migrating crookbeaks with which they share the same summer and winter territories. If a jay becomes separated from the crookbeaks it is accompanying, it wanders until it comes across another flock of crookbeaks. Clearly, ttherefore, Croton' s jays lack the navigational ability to find their way south on their own.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The three species most closely related to crookbeaks do not migrate at all' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 835, "premise": "Career development refers to the process of promoting qualified employees within the organization from a lower-level position to a higher-level position when some of the more important positions in the organization need to recruit personnel.", "hypothesis": "An agency lacks a car driver, and it is planned to arrange a temporary cleaner to learn to drive does not belong to career development.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 575, "premise": "Definition is a logical method to reveal the essential attributes of objective things reflected in the concept, and its basic rules require that the definition must be proportionate, clear and unambiguous, not negative, not circular.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Criminal law is the law on crime and punishment meets the basic rules of definition().", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10593, "premise": "Director of Ace Manufacturing Company: Our management consultant proposes that we reassign staff so that all employees are doing both what they like to do and what they do well. This, she says, will increase productivity by fully exploiting our available resources.  But Ace Manufacturing has a long-standing commitment not to exploit its workers. Ttherefore, implementing her recommendations would cause us to violate our own policy.", "hypothesis": "The director's argument for rejecting the management consultant's proposal is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds of drawing a conclusion that simply restates one of the premises of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14487, "premise": "The existence of polluting industries near schools does not lead to a decrease in the air quality at those schools. Proof of this is shown at middle school X in southern California, where an oil well was built on middle school X' s campus. The air quality at middle school X is no worse than the air quality at other middle schools in the state, and the students at middle school X do not suffer more frequently from air pollution-related allergies than do students in other middle schools in the state.", "hypothesis": "Prior to the oil well being built near middle school X, the air quality at middle school X was marginally better than the air quality of other middle schools in the state does not weaken the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6562, "premise": "The development of digital technology provides a new high-tech means for the protection of cultural heritage and every country has launched relevant measures and plans.However, after all, digital technology is only a technical means, and ultimately irreplaceable, human wisdom and spirit, if there is no correct idea to guide it, it may degenerate into a digital trap.Virtual nature may turn culture into a real illusion, and at the same time, it will also squeeze those cultural styles that are not afraid of spreading strong from cultural unipolarization, so that they will die out more quickly in the Matthew effect.", "hypothesis": "The guidance of correct concept is the premise of applying digital technology to the field of cultural heritage protection conforms to the author's point of view according to the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6047, "premise": "The researchers believe that babies born may be less intellectually inferior if mothers are exposed to pesticides in the first few months of pregnancy. They believe that shortly after a woman becomes pregnant, the embryonic brain begins to develop, so the early stages of pregnancy are a critical period for the development of the baby's brain, and exposure to pesticides may alter the environment around the developing embryos in the pregnant woman's body and the brain.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Previous studies have found that more exposure to pesticides can lead to problems with the thyroid gland in pregnant women, whose thyroid condition can affect the intellectual development of the fetus' best supports the researcher's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9345, "premise": "Geologists in central Australia underground found two 3 km away from the surface of the diameter of more than 200 kilometers of mysterious natural landscape, the landscape of quartz sand with clusters of fine lines, in most of these fine lines are parallel to each other straight line, geologists believe that the landscape is likely to be formed a giant impact crater, And the structure of the quartz sand is evidence of the fracture.", "hypothesis": "The rocks surrounding the landscape were formed between 300 million and 420 million years ago, so the impact would have occurred at that time is a necessary premise for the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7161, "premise": "A university has introduced a group of young teachers, some of whom have doctoral degrees. The physics teachers who have obtained doctoral degrees have more than three years of teaching experience. Some female teachers also have more than three years of teaching experience. All female teachers have been married.", "hypothesis": "According to the above words, there may be female teachers in the physics department who have obtained a doctoral degree must be correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2261, "premise": "The phenomenon of education in human society is not only teaching, but also learning without teaching and teaching without inducing learning. Even teaching does not only exist in schools, but in all areas of one's social life. Long before the emergence of modern and modern schools, human beings have been engaged in a variety of educational activities: after the emergence of modern and modern schools, human educational activities are still widely happening in social life outside schools. By limiting its research horizon to the time-space frame of the school, pedagogy has actually determined a wrong disciplinary boundary for itself, so it can only vaguely regard a large number of educational phenomena as so-called generalized education and vaguely exclude them from its main research horizon.", "hypothesis": "The emergence of modern schools has restricted the research field of pedagogy does not fit the text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10710, "premise": "A company that invests the necessary infrastructure in a large untapped diamond mine can reap as much as 700% profit in the first year. Some of the largest untapped diamond mines in the world are in the nation of Shagoca. Ttherefore, the American company that brokers a deal in the capital Conkin that allows it to put the necessary infrastructure in place at those mines stands to reap tremendous profits.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Diamond mining in climates closer to the equator, such as that in Shagoca, is much easier than diamond mining in regions where the soil is frozen most of the year' most helps to explain why American companies are not eager to invest in infrastructure necessarily for diamond mining in Shagoca.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13441, "premise": "A psychiatrist argued that there is no such thing as a multiple personality disorder on the grounds that in all her years of clinical practice, she had never encountered one case of this type.", "hypothesis": "Jerod had never spotted a deer in his area and concluded from this that there are no deer in the area most closely parallels the questionable reasoning cited above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4961, "premise": "The beating of the heart causes blood circulation. For the same person, the faster the heart rate, the more blood enters the circulation per unit time. The red blood cells in the blood transport oxygen,Generally speaking, the oxygen obtained by a person through blood circulation per unit time The more, the better his physical fitness and performance. Therefore, in order to improve athletes' competitive level in sports competitions, they should strengthen their training in high altitude areas, because in high altitude areas, each unit volume of blood in the human body contains the number of red blood cells is higher than in low altitude areas.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the athlete's heart rate at high altitudes is not lower than at low altitudes must be made in the argument of the subject.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4238, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that in the past 200 years, the earth's magnetic field has decayed sharply. Scientists said that, at this speed, it may completely disappear in the next 1,000 years, and the earth's creatures will face an unprecedented cosmic ray catastrophe.", "hypothesis": "In the future, the intensity of radiation from outer space will increase can be inferred from the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "Or get caught on the spot when you do something stupid, or don't do something stupid has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2636, "premise": "Xiao Zhang is an employee in the marketing department of a company. The manager of the company said to him, if you win this project, I will reward you with a laptop or give you a commission on the project.", "hypothesis": "If Xiao Zhang won the project and the manager did not give him a commission on the project, but rewarded him with a desktop computer, it means that the manager has not fulfilled the promise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10052, "premise": "In the past, we had a lot of unrealistic boasting on moral propaganda, so that many people said one thing from their mouths and did another behind their backs, resulting in the phenomenon of split personality. Through thinking about this phenomenon, some scholars propose that we should only require general people to abide by the bottom-line ethics.", "hypothesis": "If human morality is an edifice, bottom-line ethics are the foundational part of that edifice is the most appropriate definition of bottom-line ethics according to my understanding.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9039, "premise": "In recent years, experts have called for a ban on the addition of biphenyl compounds as oxytocin to animal feed because they are harmful to humans. In the past decade, biphenyl residues have been found in the feed of Dutch dairy cows raised by many herdsmen.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The infertility rate of Dutch dairy cows is higher than the average level of other dairy cows' most strongly supports the expert's point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 614, "premise": "Collective behavior is a spontaneous and unorganized behavior with a large number of people. In collective behavior, individuals do not act independently, but rely on and influence each other with others", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, dancing hip-hop in the open space in the evening is not a collective behavior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10855, "premise": "Trent is a member of the SWAT Team, the most elite tactical unit at the city police department. SWAT apprehends more suspected criminals than all other police units combined. Taken as a whole, the police department solves a higher percentage of crime than ever before in its history. Within the SWAT team, Trent' s four-man unit is the most successful. However, the number of unsolved crime increases every year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The total number of crimes increases every year' most logically resolves the apparent paradox.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8803, "premise": "The United States adopted this policy after the 9.11 terrorist attack: Either stand with us against terrorism, then you are our friend; or do not stand with us, then you are our enemy.", "hypothesis": "Either you are a virtuous person, then you will selflessly contribute everything; or you are a despicable person, then you will use all means for self-interest is not the same as the expression in the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3865, "premise": "Underwater cultural heritage refers to all cultural, historical or archaeological remains of human existence partially or wholly located underwater, periodically or continuously, for at least 100 years.", "hypothesis": "The Chinese merchant ship Taixing sank between Sumatra and Java during the Daoguang period belongs to underwater cultural heritage according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12352, "premise": "The common procedure for determining whether a food additive should be banned from use is to compare its health-related benefits with its potential risks. Yellow Dye No. 5, an additive used to color lemon soda, might cause allergic reactions in a few consumers. For most consumers of lemon soda, however, the coloring enhances their enjoyment of the beverage. This particular additive should not be banned, ttherefore, because its benefits greatly outweigh its risks.", "hypothesis": "A flaw in the argument is that the author presumes that most consumers heed the warning labels on beverage containers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4000, "premise": "The number of brick-and-mortar retail stores in a city increased from 3,800 in 2013 to 4,500 in 2017. But over the years, the city's brick-and-mortar retail sales have not increased, but have declined.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Over the past few years, the number of non-physical retail stores has grown faster than the number of physical retail stores' is the least likely to explain the above phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7646, "premise": "Parallel bidding refers to the competition between different manufacturers to provide different products to meet the same demand.", "hypothesis": "Before winter, the appliance store was filled with heating appliances, air-conditioners, heating fans, electric blankets. There are different prices and different styles is parallel bidding.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12022, "premise": "Bacteria from food can survive for several days on the surface of plastic cutting boards, but bacteria can penetrate wooden cutting boards almost immediately, leaving the surface free of contamination. Ttherefore, wooden cutting boards, unlike plastic cutting boards, need not be washed in order to prevent their contaminating food that is cut on them; wiping them off to remove food debris is sufficient.", "hypothesis": "An assumption on which the argument depends is that washing wooden cutting boards kills bacteria below the surface of the cutting boards.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3426, "premise": "Habits are behaviors and tendencies that develop over a long period of time and are not easily changed.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, wearing red scarves when raising the flag is a habit of the Young Pioneers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5960, "premise": "Green barriers refer to various measures that restrict or prohibit trade directly or indirectly adopted by some countries and international organizations to protect the ecological environment, the safety and health of humans, animals and plants through the formulation of environmental standards and regulations,A non-tariff trade barrier that affects trade.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the sales of wooden bedroom furniture produced by a factory in the U.S. market is very substantial, but the export volume of wooden bedroom furniture has been greatly affected due to the increase in the U.S. tariffs on wooden bedroom furniture is a green barrier behavior.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6851, "premise": "According to the World Bank's World Development report 1990, secondary school students account for 93% of the population aged between 12 and 17 in high-income countries, 67% in upper-middle-income countries, 49% in lower-middle-income countries, 26% in low-income countries and 12% in lowest-income countries. The proportion of college students aged 20 to 24 years old is 39% in high-income countries, 20% in upper middle-income countries, 16% in lower-middle-income countries, 3% in low-income countries and 2% in lowest-income countries.", "hypothesis": "The economic development of a country is closely related to the quality of its citizens directly addresses the point of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6947, "premise": "At present, the raw materials used in artificial joints are no more than metals and plastics. because chemicals such as potassium, sodium and chlorine in the human body may cause corrosion and rust of metal materials and aging of plastics, the chemicals of metals and plastics must be highly stable.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that metals and plastics with high chemical stability must be selected in the manufacture of artificial joints.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6508, "premise": "China's state drug administration stipulates that the chemical and common names of drugs are formulated by the State Pharmacopoeia and the drug administration, but the trade names are designated by manufacturers. It is this latter regulation that creates conditions for the renaming and naming of many drugs. In China, there are more than 200 kinds of commonly used drugs with multiple names in recent years, of which 4 names account for 20%, 5 names account for 25%, 7 names account for 15%, and 15% of drugs have more than 10 names. some drugs have more than 20 names, and the most have more than 40 names. All these drugs with multiple names are veritable change soup without changing medicine. The basic content remains the same, but the packaging or individual ingredients change and the curative effect is exactly the same.", "hypothesis": "The phenomenon of multiple names of one drug is very common in our China is intended to be explained in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13069, "premise": "Frank: The Internet has allowed everyone to obtain a vast amount of information on every topic imaginable. Jerry: That is not true. Much of the information available online is false.", "hypothesis": "Jerry's response shows that he interprets Frank's statement to imply that the majority of people do not use the Internet.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14807, "premise": "Young people believe efforts to reduce pollution, poverty, and war are doomed to failure. This pessimism is probably harmful to humanity' s future, because people lose motivation to work for goals they think are unrealizable. We must do what we can to prevent this loss of motivation and ttherefore must enable our children to believe that better futures are possible.", "hypothesis": "The current prevalence of such problems as pollution and poverty stems from previous generations' inability to believe that futures can be better is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8587, "premise": "The last two sentences of Li Bai's Singing on the river said: Fame and wealth exist for a long time, and the Han Water should also flow to the northwest. The Han Water, also known as the Han River, originated in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi Province, flowing southeast through Xiangyang, Hubei Province, to Hankou and into the Yangtze River.", "hypothesis": "The option 'If the Han River can flow to the northwest, then fame and wealth will always be there' is most in line with Li Bai's point of view according to the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13325, "premise": "Male bowerbirds construct elaborately decorated nests, or bowers. Basing their judgment on the fact that different local populations of bowerbirds of the same species build bowers that exhibit different building and decorative styles, researchers have concluded that the bowerbirds' building styles are a culturally acquired, rather than a genetically transmitted, trait.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Bowerbirds are found only in New Guinea and Australia, where local populations of the birds apparently seldom have contact with one another' would most strengthen the conclusion drawn by the researchers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11802, "premise": "Commentator: The quality of health care is declining. Medical schools have been graduating fewer people than are needed to replace retiring physicians. Furthermore, on average, a physician now spends only 15 minutes with a patient on the patient' s first visit.", "hypothesis": "Five years ago, the average first patient-physician visit lasted 10 minutes most weakens the commentator's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9201, "premise": "The concepts of physics are usually very standardized and rigorous, and the physical quantities represented by the terms of physics have a clear definition, the method of measurement and the relationship of conversion. Physicists and cosmologists still know nothing about dark energy. Dark energy refers to only one of the most profound problems in current cosmology.", "hypothesis": "Scientists still know nothing about the profound meaning behind the term dark energy is most suitable to follow the above as its conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8664, "premise": "Butterfly is a very beautiful insect and there are about 14000 species. Most of the species are distributed in Africa, especially in the Amazon River basin, and are distributed in other parts of the world except in the cold regions of the north and south. Taiwan is also famous for its many species of butterflies in Asia. Butterflies generally have brightly colored wings, various patterns on their wings and bodies, and a bunch of rod-shaped or hammered antennae on their heads. The largest butterfly has wings up to 24 centimeters, while the smallest butterfly has only 1.6 centimeters.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, it can be inferred that there are many kinds of butterflies, so there are many kinds of insects.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4793, "premise": "When the local government stipulates that the minimum wage standard in the region is not less than 800 yuan per month. Some people think that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is easy to achieve, but the labor department believes that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is not too high, but it is implemented It is not that easy to get up, so this view that it can meet the standard is wrong.", "hypothesis": "The wages of workers in most companies do not reach the minimum wage of 800 yuan must be true if the labor department's comment is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10587, "premise": "In a study, pairs of trained dogs were placed side by side and given a command such as sit.  After both obeyed the command, one dog was given a treat while its partner was given no reward at all. Over time, the dogs who went unrewarded began to disobey the command. This shows that dogs have an aversion to being treated unfairly.", "hypothesis": "Is there a decline in obedience if rewards are withheld from both dogs in the pair would be most useful to know in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3902, "premise": "There are 12 books on a shelf from left to right. Four of them are small paperbacks, two are large paperbacks, three are cloth bindings and three are leather bounds. The first is known to be a large paperback, the fourth is a leather face binding book, three cloth binding books are not adjacent to each other, three leather face bindings are put together, four small paperback books are also placed together and on the far right.", "hypothesis": "Book eight must be a large paperback.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11802, "premise": "Commentator: The quality of health care is declining. Medical schools have been graduating fewer people than are needed to replace retiring physicians. Furthermore, on average, a physician now spends only 15 minutes with a patient on the patient' s first visit.", "hypothesis": "Most patients do not like to spend an inordinate amount of time in physicians' offices most weakens the commentator's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2219, "premise": "The sequelae of digital technology refers to the decline of memory or cognitive ability caused by overuse and dependence on digital products.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhu's reliance on a navigator is a legacy of the sequelae of digital technology.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10353, "premise": "Countries with a small highly educated population are destined to be economically and politically weak. However, countries with a large highly educated population have a serious financial commitment to public education. So any country with a government that can make such a commitment will get rid of economic and political weakness.", "hypothesis": "The option 'People who lack empathy are not good candidates for public office, while people with empathy are good at manipulating the feelings of others. Therefore, people who are good at manipulating other people's feelings are good candidates for public office' is most similar to the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13857, "premise": "Wolves generally avoid human settlements. For this reason, domestic sheep, though essentially easy prey for wolves, are not usually attacked by them. In Hylantia prior to 1910, farmers nevertheless lost considerable numbers of sheep to wolves each year. Attributing this to the large number for wolves, in 1910 the government began offering rewards to hunters for killing wolves. From 1910 to 1915, large numbers of wolves were killed. Yet wolf attacks on sheep increased significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Prior to 1910, there were no legal restrictions in Hylantia on the hunting of wolves' most helps to explain the increase in wolf attacks on sheep.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5528, "premise": "Non-taxable income is income that is devoted to a specific purpose the economic benefits derived from activities that are not for-profit in nature or origin  income that is not taxable and is not part of the taxable income amount.Such as financial allocation, administrative charges and so on.Tax-exempt income is an important part of taxpayers' income, but the tax benefits that the state gives to the economic benefits of certain projects in order to achieve some economic and social goals,but it is possible to restore taxed income over a period of time.", "hypothesis": "According to state regulations, companies whose annual net income from technology transfer is less than 300,000 yuan are temporarily exempt from income tax, so this part of income is tax-exempt income is incorrect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8044, "premise": "Short-term and impending earthquake prediction are still a worldwide problem. At present, it is impossible to accurately predict the magnitude and time of an earthquake. Foreign seismologists generally believe that when plastic rocks or serpentinite in the lower crust are squeezed into cracks in the upper crust, it will cause earthquakes. These slippery serpentines are formed by the interaction of iron-and magnesium-rich minerals with water, producing hydrogen in the process. Once the layer breaks, hydrogen emerges through the cracks in the fault, resulting in a sharp increase in the concentration of hydrogen in the normal air.", "hypothesis": "The gist of this passage is that a method of earthquake prediction is introduced.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13927, "premise": "Scientists have made genetic modifications to cotton to increase its resistance to insect pests. According to farmers' report, the amount of insecticide needed per acre to control insect pests was only slightly lower for those who tried the modified seed than for those who did not. Ttherefore, since the modified seed costs more than ordinary seed without producing yields of higher market value, switching to the modified seed would be unlikely to benefit most cotton farmers economically.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to know whether most of the farmers who tried the modified seed did so because they had previously had to use exceptionally large quantities of insecticide in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 530, "premise": "American management scientists put forward the famous Cannikin's law, which tells us that the value of a barrel composed of multiple boards lies in its water holding capacity, but the key factor determining the water holding capacity of a barrel is not its longest board, but its shortest plate.", "hypothesis": "The coordination and cooperation of various links in enterprise composition determines the overall capability of the enterprise.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11650, "premise": "People always seem to associate high prices of products with high quality. But price is not necessarily an indicator of quality. The best teas are often no more expensive than the lower-quality teas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The price of tea generally does not vary from region to region' does most to explain the apparent counterexample described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4736, "premise": "Ecological balance refers to a certain period of time between the organisms and the environment in the ecosystem, and between the various groups of organisms, through the flow of energy, material circulation and information transmission, so that they can achieve a high degree of adaptation, coordination and unity with each other. Under a certain limit of interference, the ecosystem can return to its initial stable state through self-regulation, and once it exceeds it, it will decline or even collapse.", "hypothesis": "The main reason for the decline of the ecosystem is human pollution is incorrect according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4094, "premise": "Employee Assistance Program is a set of long-term and systematic welfare programs set up by the company for employees. Professionals provide professional guidance and consultation to employees and their immediate family members, aiming to help solve various psychology and behaviors of employees and their family members Problems and improve the work performance of employees in the company.", "hypothesis": "The Employee Assistance Program is an assistance mechanism launched by the company that pays for Xiaoxin's hospitalization for severe depression.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1718, "premise": "Scientists have found that birds' wings, while not as rigid as those of airplanes, are better able to adapt to different weather conditions, especially harsh ones, because they are able to stretch freely and adapt to changes in airflow. Taking a cue from nature, NASA scientists are working on wings that can bend and deform. The idea is that at high speeds, the plane's deformed wings are tucked back slightly to reduce drag and turbulence. As the plane slows down, the wings automatically extend forward to help it land faster and more smoothly. But deforming a wing is no easy task. The key is to create a deformable wing using special smart materials that flex and stretch automatically when exposed to external air pressure and stimulation. Among them, the wing material made of memory alloy can make the airplane wing change into a special shape in a certain air environment; Another important smart material is piezoelectric ceramics, which can respond sensitively to changes in voltage, temperature and other environmental factors. Scientists say such planes with flexible wings are at least 20 years away. At that time, our planes will become more intelligent, comfortable and safe, like all kinds of birds to adapt to various environments and fly freely.", "hypothesis": "The wing material, made of memory alloys, allows the wing of an airplane to change into a special shape in certain air conditions can most accurately repeat the above passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5790, "premise": "Administrative enforcement refers to the failure of other organizations of citizen legal persons to perform their obligations under the law, or the obligations stipulated in administrative decisions made by administrative organs in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "A court confiscated the police car of the same person's urban public security bureau and demanded compensation from the winning party in accordance with legal instruments is not an administrative enforcement action according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13357, "premise": "Politician P: My opponent claims that the government is obligated to raise taxes to increase funding for schools and health care. Because raising taxes to increase funding for schools and health care would make taxpayers upset over their loss of buying power, my opponent is simply mistaken.", "hypothesis": "Politician P's reasoning is questionable because it involves appealing to wholly irrelevant issues to deflect attention away from the real issue.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2241, "premise": "In today's society, many old people become old drifters in order to help their children take care of the next generation. In a recent urban survey, young people interviewed admitted that their parents are old drifters. They and their spouses have just started their careers, and work pressure is high, so they have no time to take care of their children and do housework. Some experts assert that the group of old drifters in China's cities will be further expanded.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After the implementation of the two-child policy, the two-child birth rate in urban areas is lower than that in rural areas' best supports the views of the above experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10779, "premise": "Biologist: Scientists have discovered fossilized bacteria in rocks 3. 5 billion years old. The fossils indicate that these bacteria were quite complex and so must have already had a long evolutionary history when fossilized 3. 5 billion years ago. However, Earth is only 4. 6 billion years old, so the first life on Earth must have appeared soon after the planet' s formation, when conditions were extremely harsh. This suggests that life may be able to arise under many difficult conditions throughout the universe.", "hypothesis": "It is a claim for which some support is provided in the argument, and that itself is used to support another claim that in turn lends support to the conclusion of the argument as a whole most accurately describes the role played in the biologist's argument by the claim that the fossilized bacteria discovered in rocks 3.5 billion years old must have had a long evolutionary history.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12915, "premise": "A bodybuilder needs to win a regional contest before competing in the national championship. Arnold just won the West Coast regional contest, so he is eligible to compete in the national championship. The last five winners of the West Coast regional contest have all won the national championship. Arnold' s trainer has worked with the last three national champions, and he believes Arnold will win the national championship this year. Thus, Arnold will win the national championship.", "hypothesis": "The argument above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it confuses a probability with a certainty.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 778, "premise": "Theory X believes that people are lazy by nature, and the less work the better. They will avoid work if possible. Therefore, managers need to use coercion, threats, punishments, monetary benefits and other incentives to stimulate people's negative original motivation for work. Theory Y believes that people have a positive motivation for work, and work is a natural thing. Most people do not resist work. Even without external pressure and threats of punishment, they will work hard to achieve their goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Director D believes that there is no fixed, universally applicable best management method in the world is in line with Theory Y.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2056, "premise": "There is an advertisement in CCTV's Global Information list: every day, we only introduce you to three global hot people; only report the most important global events; only select the top five companies in the world; only release the latest financial news in the world;  only introduce the most imaginative cutting-edge technologies;-- Global Information list, CCTV Economic Channel, 12:00 every day. Know that the messenger survives.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate understanding of \"know that the messenger survives\" in this passage is that it is sensational at first, but when thought about carefully, it is exquisite and proper.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1985, "premise": "With the improvement of the information degree of equipment, different from the original blind technology stacking, it seems that the installation of phased array radar for aircraft carriers has become a necessary retro wind. But unlike Britain and Russia, which deployed phased array radar on the bridge, whether it was the original US Enterprise or the latest Ford-class aircraft carrier. They all arranged the phased array radar under the bridge to ensure that the bridge was high enough. Although this configuration of the US aircraft carrier bridge will limit the detection range of the phased array radar, the United States, as the largest aircraft carrier in the world, knows which is more important, the phased array radar or the bridge.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The United States Navy does not attach great importance to the actual operational effectiveness of aircraft carriers' is incorrect according to this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3022, "premise": "Some university teachers have doctoral degrees, so some people who have obtained doctorates have high levels of teaching plans and scientific research.", "hypothesis": "Some university teachers with high level of teaching plans and scientific research did not get a doctorate must be true in order to ensure the validity of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8443, "premise": "Social phobia is an important subtype of anxiety disorder, its main symptom is the fear of being watched, such as fear of speaking in public, and even afraid to go out when the symptoms are serious. Shyness is a common personality trait, which is not pathological in itself. However, the vast majority of patients with social phobia will be significantly relieved after treatment, and psychotherapy should be the first choice for patients with mild symptoms; if patients are unable or unwilling to receive psychotherapy because of busy work and other reasons, drug treatment can be the first choice, but the combination of drug therapy and psychotherapy is the most effective way to treat social phobia. In addition, most people with social phobias start in adolescence, so prevention is very important.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, middle-aged and elderly people will not become social phobias.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10845, "premise": "Researchers have found that, hours after birth, infants are able to distinguish faces from other images. Infants stare at drawings of faces for longer periods of time than they do at blank ovals or drawings in which facial features are scrambled.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The longer an infant stares at an object, the more interesting the infant finds that object' most helps to explain the ability of newborn infants described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7671, "premise": "The arrival of man has brought many challenges to certain natural laws of the world. For example, the fruit of a plant is delicious because it needs to attract animals to bring the seeds that are provided by its fruit to further places, it also rewards the animals that spread the seeds with nutrient-rich fruit. It's a perfect square deal. But the seeds in the fruit are either disposed of in a concentrated way or planted in orchards by human.", "hypothesis": "Scientific research is sometimes carried out on the seeds in the fruit of plants can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12902, "premise": "The percentage of households with an annual income of more than $40, 000 is higher in Merton County than in any other county. However, the percentage of households with an annual income of $60, 000 or more is higher in Sommer County.", "hypothesis": "Some households in Merton County have an annual income between $40,000 and $60,000 must be true if the statements above are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6390, "premise": "The so-called overall understanding and grasp is to take into account the overall situation and the relationship between the overall situation and its various parts.", "hypothesis": "Deal with the whole picture and the relationships between parts and parts of the whole picture is the overall understanding and grasp means.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 313, "premise": "There are more users of the cable TV pay channels in city X than in city Y, so citizens of city X are more aware of international current affairs than citizens of city Y.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Most citizens of city Y work in city X and usually only return to city Y on weekends\" weakens the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4745, "premise": "The greater the power of the incandescent bulb, the brighter the light. The power of a 100-watt incandescent bulb is higher than the power of a 15-watt incandescent bulb. Therefore, a 100-watt incandescent bulb is brighter than a 15-watt incandescent bulb.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning that the higher the product quality, the more advertising investment, and the greater the demand for the product, and Company A invests more advertising expenses than Company B, so the demand for Company A's products is greater than the demand for Company B is the most similar to the above reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4172, "premise": "Flexible management: The organization takes people as the center and flexibly operates various management methods, which can produce good management effects by influencing people's psychology.", "hypothesis": "The flexible management is when the 7-year-old child had a cold and fever and there was no one to look after him at home, Zhang Li had to take it to work and the leader asked her to take a break and send the child to the hospital.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6957, "premise": "From the introduction point of view, this Honda model compared with the other two models, made more than 10 improvements, the performance has been significantly improved. Such news is undoubtedly good for new buyers, but it must not be good for owners of earlier models. After all, the car is not WIN98, the use of instability, with a plate up 2000 on the line.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that it is not easy to change cars.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5559, "premise": "Twenty blood donors were selected from about 100 applicants in a unit for medical examination. The least likely to be selected are those who have donated blood since 1993 or who have failed a blood donation check-up since 1995.", "hypothesis": "Da Chen last donated blood in 1992, when he had his leg amputated because of a public injury, and blood from voluntary blood donors was flowing through his blood vessels. '", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5239, "premise": "Compared with Mars, the earth has many common attributes, just like belonging to the solar system, both are relatively regular spheres, with revolutions and rotations. Since there is life on the earth, Mars is also very likely to have life.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Earth and Mars rotate at different speeds' is most likely to undermine the reliability of the above judgment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14562, "premise": "Professor: One cannot frame an accurate conception of one' s physical environment on the basis of a single momentary perception, since each such glimpse occurs from only one particular perspective. Similarly, any history book gives only a distorted view of the past, since it reflects the biases and prejudices of its author.", "hypothesis": "The professor's argument proceeds by making a case for the conclusion of one argument by showing that argument's resemblance to another, presumably cogent, argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1896, "premise": "Eyre, Oman and Derby, one of these three countries belongs to Asia, one belongs to Europe, and the other belongs to Africa. Eyre is not as big as the European countries among them, and the Derby is smaller than the African countries among them, and the European countries among them are bigger than Oman.", "hypothesis": "The order of the three countries from large to small is Eyre, Derby and Oman.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11002, "premise": "In a study conducted in Pennsylvania, servers in various restaurants wrote Thank you on randomly selected bills before presenting the bills to their customers. Tips on these bills were an average of three percentage points higher than tips on bills without the message. Ttherefore, if servers in Pennsylvania regularly wrote Thank you on restaurant bills, their average income from tips would be significantly higher than it otherwise would have been.", "hypothesis": "The written Thank you reminds restaurant patrons that tips constitute a significant part of the income of many food servers is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7019, "premise": "The so-called national media literacy refers to the national literacy to correctly judge the value, significance and function of media information and to effectively use and disseminate information. In the information age, national media literacy has become an important part of national comprehensive literacy. As a media audience, if citizens have higher media literacy, they can distinguish all kinds of ideology and values behind the mass media, distinguish false things from the received information, retain the real things, and refine them. Thus, we can adhere to and carry forward healthy and progressive concepts and cultures, and resist and criticize negative and decadent concepts and cultures.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that it is necessary to promote layer by layer and continuously improve the national media literacy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1125, "premise": "Appreciation is an organic part of literary activities. Only in the process of appreciation can works acquire its essence and become literary works. Traditional literary theory ignores literary appreciation, which makes it difficult for literary research to go further and hinders the development of literary creation. The biggest difference between modern literary theory and traditional literary theory lies in the importance of literary appreciation. It can be said that the study of literary appreciation is the starting point of modern literary theory, and modern literary theory is based on the theory of literary appreciation.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate understanding of the passage is that the popularization of literary appreciation activities has laid the cornerstone of literary theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 972, "premise": "A film critic said that truly influential films should be both applauded and popular. Since the release of the film Ren Changxia'' which advocates the theme of society, its box office has soared, even rivaling the imported American blockbusters, and the audience's response has been very strong.", "hypothesis": "Ren Changxia has been well received by many audiences and it is a very influential and good movie can be concluded from this.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3649, "premise": "Decorating a house can lead to leukemia. According to the preliminary statistics of the hematology department of a hospital for more than a year, children who come to the hospital to see leukemia all show a common characteristic. Most of them carried out luxurious decoration of their houses within six months before the onset of the disease. The materials used include paint for beautifying walls, marble for the floor and other luxury building materials. Such children with leukemia account for 90% of the total number of children with leukemia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The age, parents' work, weight and height of the children who come to the hospital to see leukemia are basically the same' can best reinforce the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 484, "premise": "Non-loving behavior refers to the non-loving plundering of the people close to you in the name of love, that is, against the subjective will of others, forcibly control their spirits and behaviors, and force them to act and do things according to the will of the controller. This behavior often occurs between the closest people such as husband and wife, lovers, parents and children.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Lin forcing his son to practice the piano for 3 hours every day to achieve good results in the piano competition is non-loving behavior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7702, "premise": "Social risk refers to the risk of loss of social production and people's life due to the actions of individuals or groups.", "hypothesis": "Neglect of duty is not a social risk.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7681, "premise": "Organizational commitment refers to the employee's identification with the organization and its goals, including trust and acceptance of the organization's goals and values, willingness to contribute to the organization and desire to maintain the organization's membership.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Su of the network company works hard and is full of enthusiasm to the work is not an organizational commitment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1699, "premise": "A few kind owners went to the market to collect leaves, which they soaked in salt and made their only delicacies.", "hypothesis": "This is an expose to the boss.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2584, "premise": "It is generally believed that children born to couples born far apart have higher IQ. Some data show that both husband and wife are locals, and the average IQ of their children is 102.45; couples are from different places in the province, and the average IQ of their children is 106.17;for those married in other provinces, the IQ of their children is as high as 109.35. Therefore, intermarriage in different places can improve the IQ of the next generation.", "hypothesis": "If it is not difficult to find that the parents of some children with low IQ were born far apart, it weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2756, "premise": "Professor Lin suffers from bronchitis. In order to achieve curative effect, Dr. Zhang asked Professor Lin to quit smoking immediately.", "hypothesis": "Professor Lin smokes is preset by Dr. Zhang's requirements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8163, "premise": "Green transportation refers to the transportation characterized by saving energy and reducing exhaust gas emissions. The ways of its implementation mainly include: reasonable selection of means and routes of transport, overcoming circuitous and repeated transportation, in order to achieve the goal of energy saving and emission reduction; improving the technology of internal combustion engines and the use of clean fuel to improve energy efficiency; prevent leakage in the process of transportation to avoid serious environmental harm to local areas.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, imported fruits, snacks and daily necessities are transported by air and distributed through the cold chain in the city, which are distributed step by step by multi-level dealers does not belong to green transportation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11636, "premise": "During its caterpillar stage, the leopard magpie moth feeds on a plant called the Natal grass cycad and by so doing laces its body with macrozamin, a toxin that makes the moth highly unpalatable to would-be predators. Since the Natal grass cycad is now endangered and facing extinction, the leopard magpie moth is also in danger of extinction.", "hypothesis": "Feeding on the Natal grass cycad is the only means by which the leopard magpie moth can make itself highly unpalatable to predators is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13818, "premise": "People often praise poems for their truth. But to argue that expressing true propositions contributes to the aesthetic merit of a poem is misguided. Most of the commonplace beliefs of most people are true. Whatever the basis of poetic excellence is, it must certainly be rare rather than common.", "hypothesis": "The proposition that whatever the basis of poetic excellence is, it must certainly be rare rather than common is a proposition for which the argument seeks to advance an explanation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6406, "premise": "The earth's hydrosphere consists of oceans, lakes, rivers, swamps, groundwater and glaciers, both liquid and solid water. According to scientists' estimates, the total water volume of the earth's surface is about 1.4 billion cubic kilometers, of which ocean water accounts for 97.3%, land water dominated by glaciers accounts for 2.7%, and water in the atmosphere is almost negligible compared to the former two.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There are plenty of fresh water resources on the earth' cannot be inferred from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6031, "premise": "The cut-off method is popular in Japan, Taiwan and other parts of Asia, and is a three-meal-a-day approach that replaces solid foods with low-calorie diets such as fruit juice, vegetable soup and water. with a duration of 3 to 10 days, in order to achieve detox, fat burning and weight loss and other effects.", "hypothesis": "A low-calorie diet can cause toxins in the body to lose their activity due to lack of nutrition, but at the same time there is a risk of obesity due to early metabolic disruption is the least likely to undercut the above view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6239, "premise": "In terms of today's Chinese reality, enlightenment is undoubtedly an urgent task. In terms of Chinese history, it is a historical task interrupted without completion. Although the enlightenment spirit of the May 4th New Culture Movement has been forgotten and forgotten for a long time, it does not prove that China does not need enlightenment. All kinds of setbacks in modern times remind us that in the process of modernization. The task of enlightenment is insurmountable, because nothing can surpass the goal of human liberation. As long as this goal has not been achieved, history must make up lessons.", "hypothesis": "The above paragraph mainly answers the question of whether China needs enlightenment nowadays.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11563, "premise": "Some scientists believe that the relationship between mice and humans has, over time, diminished the ability of mice to survive in nature, so that now they must depend upon human civilization for their continued existence. This opinion, however, ignores significant facts. Despite numerous predators and humanity' s enmity, mice have distributed themselves more widely across the planet than any other mammal except humans. Mice reproduce rapidly and, more important to their survival, they have the ability to adapt to an extraordinary range of habitats. Should the environment ever become too extreme to support human life, naturalists predict that mice would be able to adapt and survive.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Mice have colonized an island near Antarctica which is too bleak and harsh to support human life' would most support the naturalists' prediction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo news and a member of save the earth, he must not be Xiao Liu can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6498, "premise": "China is in a period of economic and industrial transformation, with a shortage of skilled workers, especially senior skilled workers and skilled talents. it is not only a bottleneck restricting the adjustment of China's economic structure and realizing the transformation of the mode of economic growth, but also an important reason why there are a large number of new jobs in China's economy. Local governments should organize and mobilize all kinds of resources to guide suitable urban and rural young people to choose to receive vocational education and make use of the employment opportunities in China's economic transformation. Vocational education is not only an education for young students, but also a core part of continuing education, especially for migrant workers.", "hypothesis": "The option 'Promote vocational education and enhance human capital' is an accurate summary of the gist of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10696, "premise": "Vervet monkeys use different alarm calls to warn each other of nearby predators, depending on whether the danger comes from land or from the air.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Vervet monkeys avoid land-based predators by climbing trees but avoid predation from the air by diving into foliage' contributes most to an explanation of the behavior of vervet monkeys described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14845, "premise": "If temperatures had dropped below freezing when I was gone last week, the impatiens in my garden would have died. If the impatiens had died, they obviously could not continue to bloom. However, since the impatiens in my garden are still in bloom today, temperatures did not drop below freezing last week.", "hypothesis": "The argument 'If a species is highly adaptable, it will thrive when introduced into a new environment. If a species thrives in its new environment, it will have an adverse effect on species already existing in that environment. But, since this species has not had an adverse effect on any species already existing in its new environment, it is not highly adaptable' most closely parallels the pattern of reasoning in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10842, "premise": "The formation of hurricanes that threaten the United States mainland is triggered by high atmospheric winds off the western coast of Africa. When abundant rain falls in sub-Saharan Africa, hurricanes afterward hit the United States mainland with particular frequency. Ttherefore, the abundant rains must somehow promote the ability of the winds to form hurricanes.", "hypothesis": "The argument 'Many people who later become successful entrepreneurs played competitive sports in college. Therefore, playing competitive sports must enhance a person's entrepreneurial ability' contains a flaw that is most similar to one in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14838, "premise": "Sales manager: The highest priority should be given to the needs of the sales department, because without successful sales the company as a whole would fail. Shipping manager: There are several departments other than sales that also must function successfully for the company to succeed. It is impossible to give the highest priority to all of them.", "hypothesis": "The shipping manager criticizes the sales manager's argument by pointing out that the sales manager makes a generalization from an atypical case.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12277, "premise": "Columnist: Wildlife activists have proposed that the practice of stringing cable TV lines from the same poles that carry electric power lines should be banned because cable TV lines, while electrically neutral themselves, make it easier for animals to climb near electric power lines, risking electrocution. This particular argument for banning the practice fails, however, since some animals are electrocuted by power lines even where cable TV lines are all underground.", "hypothesis": "It rejects an argument for a proposal merely on the grounds that the proposal would not completely eliminate the problem it is intended to address most accurately describes a flaw in the columnist's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10123, "premise": "The attitude towards intellectuals marks the degree of civilization of a nation, while the attitude towards workers and peasants tests the conscience and conscience of the nation. So _", "hypothesis": "We should be kind to intellectuals, as well as workers and peasants can best complete the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12435, "premise": "Decision makers tend to have distinctive styles. One such style is for the decision maker to seek the widest possible input from advisers and to explore alternatives while making up his or her mind. In fact, decision makers of this sort will often argue vigorously for a particular idea, emphasizing its strong points and downplaying its weaknesses, not because they actually believe in the idea but because they want to see if their real reservations about it are idiosyncratic or are held independently by their advisers.", "hypothesis": "If certain decision makers' statements are quoted accurately and at length, the content of the quote could nonetheless be greatly at variance with the decision eventually made is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10568, "premise": "A committee works for two years and is composed of 4 members each year, 2 of which are from the following 4 judges: F, G, H and I, and the other 2 members are from the following 3 scientists: V, Y and Z. Each year, the committee is chaired by one member. A member who chairs the first year must retire from the committee during the second year. The person who chairs the second year must be a member of the committee during the first year. The committee members must meet the following conditions: G and V cannot be members of the committee in the same year. H and Y cannot be members of this committee in the same year. Each year, only one of I and V is a member of this committee.", "hypothesis": "F can be the chairman in the second year if H is the chairman in the first year.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1984, "premise": "From the perspective of population spatial layout, urbanization is the transfer of rural population to cities and towns and the transformation from farmers to citizens. The process of transformation from farmers to citizens is the modernization process of human quality. The modernization of human quality is inseparable from receiving modern education. The modernization of human education is the foundation and support of urbanization. Urbanization also means the transfer of employment and production from agriculture to industry and services. The modernization of human mode of production is not only the essential characteristic of urbanization, but also the essential embodiment of human modernization. The foundation of supporting the modernization of human mode of production is the popularization of modern vocational education.", "hypothesis": "The option 'Urbanization is the Modernization of human quality education' is intended to be emphasized in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14448, "premise": "Critic: Fillmore, an influential television executive, argues that watching television regularly is not detrimental to very young children. Fillmore bases this on the claim, which I grant, that children can learn much that is beneficial from television. But we should reject Fillmore' s argument, because clearly it is to Fillmore' s benefit to convince parents that television is not harmful to their children.", "hypothesis": "The flaw in the critic's reasoning is that it takes a necessary condition for something's being harmful to be a sufficient condition for being harmful.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 779, "premise": "Concept confusion refers to the informal fallacy caused by the ambiguity and ambiguity of natural language. Configuration ambiguity refers to the ambiguity fallacy caused by the incorrect grammatical structure of a sentence.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, configuration ambiguity is when on the night of the Lantern Festival, a woman wanted to watch the lanterns, and her husband said that the lantern isn't lighted up at home.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4662, "premise": "Fruit: it is a concept relative to the original thing. The original thing refers to the thing that produces a new thing according to natural attributes or legal provisions, and fruit is the thing produced by the original thing.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, new buds from longan trees are fruit.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14299, "premise": "Industry experts expect improvements in job safety training to lead to safer work environments. A recent survey indicated, however, that for manufacturers who improved job safety training during the 1980s, the number of on-the-job accidents tended to increase in the months immediately following the changes in the training programs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Significant safety measures, such as protective equipment and government safety inspections, were in place well before the improvements in job safety training' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the passage above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9039, "premise": "In recent years, experts have called for a ban on the addition of biphenyl compounds as oxytocin to animal feed because they are harmful to humans. In the past decade, biphenyl residues have been found in the feed of Dutch dairy cows raised by many herdsmen.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the past two years, the incidence of bladder cancer among consumers of dairy dairy milk products in the Netherlands has been particularly high' most strongly supports the expert's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7582, "premise": "The legal liability of a lawyer refers to the lawyer's intentional or gross negligence, violation of the relevant laws and regulations and the lawyer's professional discipline, damages the legal rights and interests of the parties, disrupts the normal judicial procedures, and affects the lawyer's career. The image has led to the consequences that lawyers should bear civil, administrative, and criminal liabilities in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The legal liability of a lawyer does not include the judge's decision being not strict, resulting in the wrong case being judged.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15195, "premise": "The song of the yellow warbler signals to other yellow warblers that a particular area has been appropriated by the singer as its own feeding territory. Although the singing deters other yellow warblers from taking over the feeding territory of the singer, other yellow warblers may range for food within a portion of the singer' s territory. However, a warbler sings a special song when it molts (sheds its feathers). Other yellow warblers will not enter the smaller core territory of a yellow warbler singing its molting song. Ttherefore yellow warblers, which can only fly short distances during molting, have no competition for the food supply within the range of their restricted flying.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that there are no birds other than yellow warblers that compete with yellow warblers for food is made by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14563, "premise": "Although many customers do not make a sufficient effort to conserve water, water companies must also be held responsible for wasteful consumption. Their own policies, in fact, encourage excessive water use, and attempts at conservation will succeed only if the water companies change their practices.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The price per unit of water charged by the water companies has risen steadily in the last 10 years\" would most strongly support the view above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3413, "premise": "The world's top film actors make no more than three films a year. Therefore, if Zuo Yuan takes about 4 films a year, he is not a world's top film actors.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning method \"When a good leader leaves his post, his employees can do as well as he did. So, if a general manager moves and the company becomes a shambles, then the general manager is not a good leader\" is the same as above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13676, "premise": "The existing works of ancient literature, science, and philosophy do not represent the most original work produced in ancient times. The most compelling evidence for this view is that the existing works frequently refer to other works that we no longer have.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Works that contain frequent references to other works tend to be derivative\" most helps to justify the argument's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1, "premise": "Some Cantonese don't like chili. Therefore, some southerners don't like chili.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'All Cantonese are southerners' can verify the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 362, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that birds living in large groups have more new neurons in their brains and stronger memory than birds living alone. This advise humans accordingly: If you are alone, you'd better make some friends, otherwise you will lose your precious brain cells and cause memory loss.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The human brain is fundamentally different from birds' can best refute the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9472, "premise": "A survey by the World Health Organization pointed out that sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking, and long-term consumption of foods with high sugar content will significantly shorten people's lifespan. In recent years, Chinese consumption of sugar has remained high, especially among children. According to survey data, 10 years ago, children in my country drank 715 ml of beverages per day, which has doubled 10 years later. Most beverages currently on the market contain 8% to 11% sugar, and a 500ml bottle of beverage contains between 40g and 55g of sugar. Medical experts recommend that the daily intake of added sugars for adults should not exceed 50 grams, preferably less than 25 grams. Children should not consume more than 25 grams of added sugars per day. However, the amount of added sugar in just 1 drink already exceeds the bottom line of recommended values. As everyone knows, while we are feasting and eating sugar, sugar is quietly eating our health.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this text is 'Low-sugar diet for health'.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2667, "premise": "There are four kinds of green tea, black tea, scented tea and white tea in the four boxes numbered 1, 2, 3 and 4. Each box contains only one kind of tea, and each kind of tea contains only one box. It is known that: (1) the boxes of green tea and black tea are in the range of No. 1, 2 and 3; (2) the boxes of black tea and scented tea are in the range of No. 2, 3 and 4; (3) the boxes of white tea are in the range of No. 1, 2 and 3.", "hypothesis": "Based on this information, it can be concluded that black tea is on the 2nd.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7368, "premise": "Time syndrome refers to symptoms caused by psychological distress, tension, and changes in physical activity due to the urgency of time.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Lei is always in a hurry, often nagging about tight time, and occasionally taking children out to play, but also constantly watching his watch. If the child wants to play for a while, he will be very impatient and even lose his temper with the child is a time syndrome.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10969, "premise": "The authorship of the Iliad and the Odyssey has long been debated. Some traditional evidence suggests that Homer created both works, or at least large portions of them, but there is equally forceful evidence that he had nothing to do with either. Since there is no overwhelming evidence for either claim, we ought to accept the verdict of tradition that Homer is the principal author of both works.", "hypothesis": "The principle underlying the argumentation above is that if there is no overwhelming evidence for or against a hypothesis, one should believe it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5937, "premise": "An aircraft engine manufacturer has developed a new type of engine with better safety performance than the old engine. In the first year when the new and old engines were sold at the same time, the sales of the old engine exceeded the new engine, and the manufacturer concluded The conclusion is that safety is not the customer's primary consideration.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Customers believe that the old engine is better than the new engine in terms of safety because they know more about the safety of the old engine' would weaken the manufacturer's conclusion most severely.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8279, "premise": "Function is the inherent efficiency of things, it is determined by the structure of internal elements of things, and it is a kind of internal mechanism which is relatively stable and independent from the interior of things. Function is the external effect produced by the relationship between things and the external environment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, law has the function of promoting the progress of scientific, technological and cultural undertakings is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7729, "premise": "Commentary marketing refers to a marketing model in which merchants use reviews of products and services to guide customers' consumption tendency and promote product promotion and sales.", "hypothesis": "Commentary marketing is when a well-known household appliance company has launched a new product, and the professional evaluation of experts in the industry is prominently printed on the outer package. as soon as the product is put on the market, it is very popular.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14020, "premise": "Logging industry official: Harvesting trees from old-growth forests for use in manufacture can reduce the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, since when large old trees die in the forest they decompose, releasing their stored carbon dioxide. Harvesting old-growth forests would, moreover, make room for rapidly growing young trees, which absorb more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than do trees in old-growth forests.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A young tree contains less than half the amount of carbon dioxide that is stored in an old tree of the same species' most seriously weakens the official's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3902, "premise": "There are 12 books on a shelf from left to right. Four of them are small paperbacks, two are large paperbacks, three are cloth bindings and three are leather bounds. The first is known to be a large paperback, the fourth is a leather face binding book, three cloth binding books are not adjacent to each other, three leather face bindings are put together, four small paperback books are also placed together and on the far right.", "hypothesis": "Book Six must be a large paperback.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10936, "premise": "In response to high mortality in area hospitals, surgery was restricted to emergency procedures during a five-week period. Mortality in these hospitals was found to have fallen by nearly one-third during the period. The number of deaths rose again when elective surgery (surgery that can be postponed) was resumed. It can be concluded that, before the five-week period, the risks of elective surgery had been incurred unnecessarily often in the area.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The conditions for which elective surgery was performed would in the long run have been life-threatening, and surgery for them would have become riskier with time' most seriously undermines the conclusion above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 38, "premise": "Some people believe that a large number of rural people have flowed into cities to work in recent years, which has caused chaos in urban social order and a decline in public security. It can be said that allowing rural populations to flow into cities is harmful and unhelpful. Therefore, the rural population in cities should be cleared and restricted them from going to cities for employment.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The influx of rural population into cities is beneficial to both rural and urban areas; it can not only make up for the shortage of urban labor, but also accelerate the development of rural economy and the improvement of the quality of rural population of our country' refutes the above point of view the most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7052, "premise": "In fact, delaying debt repayment not only does not help to truly resolve the debt risk of local governments, but in most cases, it has planted a more powerful time bomb. Once borrowing the new and returning the old has become the routine practice of local governments, the consequences are unimaginable. In view of this, the central government should take strong measures in time to stop local governments from singing the delaying tactic; Relevant ministries and commissions should also actively consider digesting local government public debt with the help of the capital market, introducing private capital by means of debt securitization and resolving debt risks; Local governments should also appropriately reduce their economic construction functions, realize equal financial and administrative rights, and fundamentally eliminate the living soil of excessive debt.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is 'Explain the general practice of local government debt repayment.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13379, "premise": "Since 1990 the percentage of bacterial sinus infections in Aqadestan that are resistant to the antibiotic perxicillin has increased substantially. Bacteria can quickly develop resistance to an antibiotic when it is prescribed indiscriminately or when patients fail to take it as prescribed. Since perxicillin has not been indiscriminately prescribed, health officials hypothesize that the increase in perxicillin-resistant sinus infections is largely due to patients' failure to take this medication as prescribed.", "hypothesis": "Many patients who take perxicillin experience severe side effects within the first few days of their prescribed regimen, if true of Aqadestan, provides most support for the health officials' hypothesis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6988, "premise": "Poetry must not only stay in the paper media, but should make full use of the stage, film and television and other platforms, so that it can be accepted by the people and maintain long-term vitality. Many excellent poetry works are highly artistic. In the process of going to the stage and film and television, they incorporate the performers' understanding and feelings, and carry out the second artistic creation of poetry, supplemented by sound, optoelectronics and other forms of modern art expression. it greatly improves the appreciation of poetry.", "hypothesis": "With the help of stage, film and television and other art forms, poetry can maintain its long-term vitality is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9015, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "It is possible that the person serves on the subcommittee and P is also involved.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 516, "premise": "The opposite theory of investment market means that the investment market itself does not create new value, does not increase in value, or even impairment. If an investor is the same as most investors in investment action, he must not be the one who makes the most profits, because it is impossible for most people to make profits. To get the best benefit, we must be inconsistent with the actions of the majority.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'When others sell shares, I buy them. When others fear, I buy more shares' does not accord with the opposite theory of investment market.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8491, "premise": "A national restaurant chain has launched a new pastry in some northern cities, with excellent sales and reputation, so the company's management believes that if it is launched in the south, it will also be loved by customers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It acquiesces that the sales volume and word-of-mouth information of the product in the northern market can be used to predict the southern market' best points out the shortcomings of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3130, "premise": "Bio-fuel generally refers to the solid, liquid or gaseous fuel extracted from biomass. Biomass refers to various organisms produced by photosynthesis through the use of atmosphere, water and land, that is, all living organic substances that can grow. It includes plants, animals and microorganisms.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Bio-gas produced by anaerobic fermentation of crops does not belong to bio-fuels.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13853, "premise": "Maize contains the vitamin niacin, but not in a form the body can absorb. Pellagra is a disease that results from niacin deficiency. When maize was introduced into southern Europe from the Americas in the eighteenth century, it quickly became a dietary staple, and many Europeans who came to subsist primarily on maize developed pellagra. Pellagra was virtually unknown at that time in the Americas, however, even among people who subsisted primarily on maize.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Traditional ways of preparing maize in the Americas convert maize's niacin into a nutritionally useful form' most helps to explain the contrasting incidence of pellagra described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14642, "premise": "Therapist: Cognitive psychotherapy focuses on changing a patient' s conscious beliefs. Thus, cognitive psychotherapy is likely to be more effective at helping patients overcome psychological problems than are forms of psychotherapy that focus on changing unconscious beliefs and desires, since only conscious beliefs are under the patient' s direct conscious control.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"It is difficult for any form of psychotherapy to be effective without focusing on mental states that are under the patient's direct conscious control\" would most strengthen the therapist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15039, "premise": "How the pigment known as Han purple was synthesized by the ancient Chinese of the Qin and Han dynasties has puzzled scientists. The Chinese chemists employed the same chemical ingredients used for Han purple in the production of a common type of white glass during that period. Both were produced in processes that involved subjecting the mixtures to high heat and mixing in lead to decrease the melting temperature. Thus, Han purple was probably discovered by fortuitous accident during glass production.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Chemical analysis shows that most of the known fragments of both Han purple and the white glass were produced within a small geographical radius' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14667, "premise": "The proper way to plan a scientific project is first to decide its goal and then to plan the best way to accomplish that goal. The United States space station project does not conform to this ideal. When the Cold War ended, the project lost its original purpose, so another purpose was quickly grafted onto the project, that of conducting limited-gravity experiments, even though such experiments can be done in an alternative way. It is, ttherefore, abundantly clear that the space station should not be built.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because it contains statements that lead to a self-contradiction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8923, "premise": "Turkey has applied to join the EU since 1987, and the two sides are still engaged in difficult negotiations. For strategic reasons, the EU needs Turkey, and a categorical no to Turkey would deprive the EU of Turkish cooperation in security, justice, energy and other areas. However, if Turkey joins the EU, it will bring a series of problems to the EU, such as the disharmony of cultural and religious views, the heavy burden of economic subsidies, and the impact of the influx of immigrants on the job market.", "hypothesis": "In the statement above, it can be inferred that only 3% of Turkey is in Europe, and most Europeans do not recognize Turkey as a European country.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6498, "premise": "China is in a period of economic and industrial transformation, with a shortage of skilled workers, especially senior skilled workers and skilled talents. it is not only a bottleneck restricting the adjustment of China's economic structure and realizing the transformation of the mode of economic growth, but also an important reason why there are a large number of new jobs in China's economy. Local governments should organize and mobilize all kinds of resources to guide suitable urban and rural young people to choose to receive vocational education and make use of the employment opportunities in China's economic transformation. Vocational education is not only an education for young students, but also a core part of continuing education, especially for migrant workers.", "hypothesis": "It is necessary to guide young people in urban and rural areas to receive vocational education is an accurate summary of the gist of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14818, "premise": "Anderson: Taking the long view, history shows that word usage and grammar rules are constantly changing and evolving-sometimes resulting in entirely new languages. Since they will change regardless of our efforts, we shouldn' t worry about violations of grammar rules. Lipton: That' s like arguing that we shouldn' t worry about enforcing laws since, in the larger scheme of things, laws change and nations come and go. But of course it is good that laws are enforced.", "hypothesis": "The dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Anderson and Lipton disagree over whether grammar violations should be resisted.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8515, "premise": "As far as calligraphy is concerned, there is a difference between Han stele and Han bamboo slips. Han stele is later carved by Shudan and then extended into Motuo, while Han bamboo slips are written directly on bamboo slips with a brush. This leads to differences in writing attitude: the writing of the stele is formal, and its words, contents, fonts and even the process of writing and engraving are very rigorous, while the writing of Han bamboo slips is the embodiment of real writing, and the writer is often in a relaxed state. There is no pressure and burden that must be written well. Calligraphy has no intention to be good. The rectification of Han steles and the frankness of Han bamboo slips have different aesthetic interests. The inspiration of Han bamboo slips calligraphy to today is more of a frank and natural attitude. In the study of ancient calligraphy works, it is necessary to understand this difference, so as to better grasp their respective characteristics.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is how to correctly understand the calligraphy value of Han Stele and Han Bamboo slips.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2987, "premise": "When Mr. Chen encouraged his children, he said, Don't be afraid of temporary difficulties and setbacks. How can you see a rainbow without experiencing wind and rain? His child said unconvincingly, what you said is wrong. I've been through so much wind and rain, why didn't I see the rainbow? ", "hypothesis": "As long as you go through the wind and rain, you can see the rainbow is most appropriate to refute the answer of Mr. Chen's child.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7202, "premise": "By deciphering the enemy's password, we have already known that banana, apple and pear means secret attack on Wednesday, apple, sugar cane and peach means implementation of secret plan, and Guangdong orange, banana and tomato means victory on Wednesday belongs to us.", "hypothesis": "The meaning of pear is attack.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4587, "premise": "Counterfactual thinking is usually the negation of events that have occurred in the mind, and then it is characterized as a mental activity that may have occurred but did not occur in reality. According to the direction of occurrence, counterfactual thinking can be divided into upward counterfactual thinking and downward counterfactual thinking, upward counterfactual thinking refers to events that have occurred in the past, and imagine that if certain conditions are met, there may be better results than real results; downward counterfactual thinking refers to events that have occurred in the past, imagine If certain conditions are met, there may be a result that is worse than the real result.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'If we didn't bring so many things, we could run faster now' belongs to downward counterfactual thinking.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4658, "premise": "Administrative Emergency: it refers to the system that the state administrative organ exercises emergency functions and powers to control and deal with public emergencies.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, public access offices taking measures against individual visitors who disturb its office order does not belong to Administrative Emergency.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11113, "premise": "According to promotional material published by the city of Springfield, more tourists stay in hotels in Springfield than stay in the neighboring city of Harristown. A brochure from the largest hotel in Harristown claims that more tourists stay in that hotel than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel in Springfield. If both of these sources are accurate, however, the Report on Tourism for the region must be in error in stating that __.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'More tourists stay in hotels in Harristown than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel' most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5975, "premise": "At the academic exchange meeting, a foreign scholar denied the existence of the Xia dynasty on the grounds that there were no relics and no written records of the corresponding ages.", "hypothesis": "The statement that ancient my country used wood as a building material as a record carrier and that it is subject to geological and climatic effects would most refute the foreign scholar.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 110, "premise": "Many people who call themselves teachers are not actually teachers, because teaching is not their main source of income.", "hypothesis": "A person cannot be called a writer unless writing is his main source of income. The same goes for teachers is assumed by the above discussion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6432, "premise": "Our era is described as the information age, which means that we can not only obtain a large amount of information quickly, but also mean a large number of changes of the information we get. Pasting and updating of network information is a typical example. The classic is the crystallization of genius brain's hard creation, and it is a kind of permanent spiritual existence. The state of the information age is out of step with the contemplative spirit needed by the classics, which is one of the reasons why it is difficult to produce classics in our times.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that in a sense, the information age is the era of classical crisis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13916, "premise": "If one has evidence that an act will benefit other people and performs that act to benefit them, then one will generally succeed in benefiting them.", "hypothesis": "Betsy regularly changing the furnace filter in her daughter's house, as suggested by a heating contractor, has resulted in the furnace never requiring maintenance due to becoming clogged with dust or dirt, illustrating the proposition above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14227, "premise": "Because ethylene dibromide, a chemical used to fumigate grain, was blamed for the high rate of nerve damage suffered by people who work in grain-processing plants, many such plants switched to other chemical fumigants two years ago. Since then, however, the percentage of workers at these plants who were newly diagnosed with nerve damage has not dropped significantly. Ttherefore, either ethylene dibromide was wrongly blamed or else the new chemicals also cause nerve damage.", "hypothesis": "If the new chemicals cause nerve damage, the nerve damage caused would be different from any nerve damage that ethylene dibromide may cause is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 175, "premise": "The bullwhip effect is a phenomenon of demand variation and amplification in the supply chain. It means that when the information flow is transmitted from the final client to the original supplier, the sharing of information cannot be effectively realized, which makes the phenomenon of information distortion amplify step by step, leading to greater and greater fluctuations in demand information.", "hypothesis": "The bullwhip effect includes Retailer A estimating an order quantity based on the sales volume of the previous month, slightly increasing the order quantity, and submitting it to wholesaler B, who places an order from a merchandise sales center for the same consideration.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3562, "premise": "Institutional entrepreneurs: refers to those who not only perform the functions of traditional entrepreneurs, but also help establish a market system in the process of their career development. They are highly sensitive to opportunities in the development environment and dare to break through institutional barriers to obtain considerable income.", "hypothesis": "An entrepreneur who established an education group to improve the ability of private schools is not an institutional entrepreneur according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9091, "premise": "WiFi emitters produce electromagnetic radiation. Five middle school students in Denmark nurtured the seeds of water celery in rooms with and without WiFi emitters. After 12 days, they found that the germination rate of seeds in the room without WiFi emitters was 95.4%, and that the germination rate of seeds in the room with WiFi emitters was 85.3%. As a result, many people worry that the radiation of WiFi will affect the health of the human body. However, many experts believe that the above experiments are not rigorous, and it can not be concluded that the radiation of WiFi is harmful to the human body based on the experiment.", "hypothesis": "Animal experiments should be done to determine the effects of the radiation of WiFi on humans, not just plant experiments does not support the views of these experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13818, "premise": "People often praise poems for their truth. But to argue that expressing true propositions contributes to the aesthetic merit of a poem is misguided. Most of the commonplace beliefs of most people are true. Whatever the basis of poetic excellence is, it must certainly be rare rather than common.", "hypothesis": "The claim that the basis of poetic excellence must be rare rather than common is a premise that, in conjunction with another premise, is intended to support the argument's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9472, "premise": "A survey by the World Health Organization pointed out that sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking, and long-term consumption of foods with high sugar content will significantly shorten people's lifespan. In recent years, Chinese consumption of sugar has remained high, especially among children. According to survey data, 10 years ago, children in my country drank 715 ml of beverages per day, which has doubled 10 years later. Most beverages currently on the market contain 8% to 11% sugar, and a 500ml bottle of beverage contains between 40g and 55g of sugar. Medical experts recommend that the daily intake of added sugars for adults should not exceed 50 grams, preferably less than 25 grams. Children should not consume more than 25 grams of added sugars per day. However, the amount of added sugar in just 1 drink already exceeds the bottom line of recommended values. As everyone knows, while we are feasting and eating sugar, sugar is quietly eating our health.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this text is 'Low-sugar diet for health'.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 367, "premise": "Both Company A and B provide 24-hour hotline consultation services for customers who have difficult problems using their company's digital products. Calling the hotline charges a corresponding call fee, so generally speaking, consumers only encounter difficulties when using digital products. The number of hotline calls received by Company A is five times more than that of Company B. This shows that company A's digital products must be more complex and difficult to use than Company B's.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that \"Company A received 5 times more complaints about the quality of digital products than Company B\" can best support the conclusion above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1223, "premise": "The moon is the only natural satellite on the earth and the only extraterrestrial planet that human beings can reach at present. In addition to man-made satellites, using this natural satellite to carry out remote sensing observation of the earth has many advantages and irreplaceable. The surface area of the moon is much larger than any man-made satellite, so the remote sensor is deployed on the moon without considering the load, size, weight, etc. Many different types of remote sensors can be placed at the same time to form the ability of active, passive and full band synchronous observation. It will have an in-depth understanding of observing large-scale geoscience phenomena-global environmental change, land sea air interaction, plate tectonics and solid tide, three pole comparative research, and may observe previously unknown scientific phenomena.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the above words is that the moon opens up a new direction of Earth Observation Science and technology.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8023, "premise": "Although the evolutionary history of chimpanzees and humans is about 99.5% common, most thinkers regard chimpanzees as monsters that have nothing to do with humans and regard themselves as the master of all things. For an evolutionist, this is by no means the case. There is no objective basis for believing that one species is superior to another. Chimpanzees and humans, lizards and fungi have evolved through 3 billion years of so-called natural selection.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In fact, all species are the result of natural selection' is intended to be clarified in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12820, "premise": "A photograph of the night sky was taken with the camera shutter open for an extended period. The normal motion of stars across the sky caused the images of the stars in the photograph to appear as streaks. However, one bright spot was not streaked. Even if the spot were caused, as astronomers believe, by a celestial object, that object could still have been moving across the sky during the time the shutter was open, since __.", "hypothesis": "The spot could have been caused by an object that emitted a flash that lasted for only a fraction of the time that the camera shutter was open most logically completes the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6952, "premise": "Some psychologists working in personnel departments abroad advocate the determination of the temperament characteristics of workers and take the results as a basis in order to assign each person to the job most suitable for his or her characteristics.", "hypothesis": "The argument that there are many workers working in jobs that are not suitable for their characteristics is directly supported by this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11731, "premise": "Muscular strength is a limited resource, and athletic techniques help to use this resource efficiently. Since top athletes do not differ greatly from each other in muscular strength, it follows that a requirement for an athlete to become a champion is a superior mastery of athletic techniques.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the argument is that no athlete can become a champion without a superior mastery of athletic techniques.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7583, "premise": "The separation of government and enterprises refers to the distinction between ownership and the right of management, and the return to enterprises of many functions and powers of the competent government departments at all levels in direct management of the production and operation of enterprises, so that the government's economic management focus has changed from micro to macro economic system reform.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The government appoints officials to manage the enterprise, and the personnel system and salary system of the enterprise shall be discussed and decided by the government at a meeting' is in line with the separation of government and enterprises.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8241, "premise": "The closest distance from the earth to Mars is about 55 million kilometers, and the farthest is more than 400 million kilometers. Only when the angle between the earth and Mars is 70\u00b0 can the probe reach Mars as scheduled. Therefore, my country is expected to launch a Mars probe in 2020, and the following year. Landing on Mars, an aerospace expert commented: If this opportunity in 2020 cannot be seized, then the next suitable launch time will be delayed until at least 2022.", "hypothesis": "The premise that needs to be supplemented for the above-mentioned expert's comment to be established is that the relative near point of Earth and Mars occurs about every 15 years, and the year when the two are close is the best time to land on Mars.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1574, "premise": "The eight-sided gold cup, which is now in the collection of the Shaanxi Provincial Museum, is a representative work of the Tang Dynasty and was unearthed in 1970. This cup is a national first-class cultural relic, 6.4 cm high, with an extravagant octagonal mouth, and a circle of feet. Between the eight sides It is divided by a continuous bead pattern, and is decorated with character relief patterns such as clappers, flute, and playing pipa. The characters have high noses and deep eyes, which are obviously the image of the Hu people of the Western Regions at that time. In addition, there are honeysuckle patterns, curly grass patterns, and Decorative patterns such as mountains and rocks, birds, and butterflies. This cultural relic is of great help to the study of social phenomena such as metal crafts, plastic arts, cultural exchanges, singing, dancing, music, and clothing in the Tang Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The eight-lens golden cup is a gift given to the Western Regions by the Tang Dynasty does not correspond to the original text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10256, "premise": "Recently, the State Press and publication Administration and other eight major ministries and commissions jointly announced that online game anti-addiction system 'and the matching scheme of real-name authentication of online game anti-addiction systemwill be formally implemented this year. If minors play online games for more than 5 hours, the experience value and income will be counted as 0. The implementation of this scheme will effectively prevent minors from indulging in online games.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The online game anti-addiction system does not work for adults, and minors may falsely use their adult identity or use some online tools to generate fake ID numbers to log in to the online game' will most effectively weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9548, "premise": "In recent years, with the development of mobile Internet, big data and artificial intelligence technology, a lot of new business type has emerged. For example, the very popular live broadcast with goods, and so on, many new products and even traditional products have achieved good results through the promotion of these new business type. Similar to new technologies such as push and live broadcast, new business type can stimulate those potential consumption. It shows that there is room for further exploration in the re-saturated market, and the key is whether consumers can find and meet more levels of needs other than the simple material needs of consumers, such as fruits, which can also be bought in supermarkets, but products with live broadcast are pushed from poor areas, and buying on the platform has an extra layer of social significance.", "hypothesis": "The push platform highlighting the social significance of goods and being conducive to sales is the most important part of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1, "premise": "Some Cantonese don't like chili. Therefore, some southerners don't like chili.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some Cantonese don't like chili or sweets' can verify the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7349, "premise": "M University student Xiao Duan suddenly became seriously ill, and a classmate secretly donated money to help. After Xiao Duan turned from crisis to safety, he wanted to know who made the donation. He asked five students and got the following answers: (1) Either A donated or B donated; (2) If A donated, then C also donated; (3) If B did not donate, then D donated; (4) Neither A nor B donated. In fact, only one sentence of the five students'answers was yes fake.", "hypothesis": "It can be concluded that B donated, based on the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11959, "premise": "Organization president: The stationery and envelopes used in all of the mailings from our national headquarters are made from recycled paper, and we never put anything but letters in the envelopes. When the envelopes have windows, these windows are also made from recycled material. Ttherefore the envelopes, and thus these mailings, are completely recyclable.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the organization president's argument depends is that the envelope windows made from recycled material are recyclable.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9900, "premise": "The results of experiments that some volunteers took part in to assess the sweetness of drinks showed that those who regularly drank sugary drinks and were fatter rated the sweetness of the same drink lower than those of normal size. This shows that their taste buds are less sensitive to sweetness. The results also show that people who are fatter tend to choose sweeter foods subconsciously. This suggests that eating too much sugar may form a vicious circle, that is, eating sugar regularly will lead to a decrease in the sensitivity of taste buds to sweetness, and a decrease in satisfaction caused by eating the same amount of sugar, which will subconsciously ask for more sugar. The result is that eating too much sugar leads to obesity.", "hypothesis": "Satisfaction is dominated by the subconscious does not support the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4497, "premise": "Music therapy is a systematic process of intervention. In this process, the therapist uses various forms of musical experience and therapeutic relationships that have been developed as therapeutic dynamics in the course of therapy to help the patient achieve healthy goals.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"When traveling in front of the mountain spring to hear the murmur of the water, the therapist Wang felt relaxed and happy\" is the music therapy according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4365, "premise": "Among the three of A, B, and C, only one can swim. A said: I can, B said: I can't, and C said: A can't.", "hypothesis": "If only one of these three sentences is true, then the one who can swim is B.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11465, "premise": "Bus driver: Had the garbage truck not been exceeding the speed limit, it would not have collided with the bus I was driving. I, on the other hand, was abiding by all traffic regulations -- as the police report confirms. Ttherefore, although I might have been able to avoid the collision had I reacted more quickly, the bus company should not reprimand me for the accident.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'When a bus is involved in a collision, the bus driver should not be reprimanded by the bus company if the collision did not result from the bus driver's violating a traffic regulation' most helps to justify the reasoning in the bus driver's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10823, "premise": "Library preservationist: Due to the continual physical deterioration of the medieval manuscripts in our library' s collection, we have decided to restore most of our medieval manuscripts that are of widely acknowledged cultural significance, though this means that some medieval manuscripts whose authenticity is suspect will be restored. However, only manuscripts whose safety can be ensured during the restoration process will be restored, and manuscripts that are not frequently consulted by researchers will not be restored.", "hypothesis": "Some of the medieval manuscripts whose authenticity is suspect are frequently consulted by researchers must be true of the medieval manuscripts in the library's collection if all of the library preservationist's statements are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2263, "premise": "183/5000 According to solubility, pesticides can be divided into water soluble and fat soluble. The traditional method of soaking in water can only remove the water-soluble pesticides on the surface of fruits and vegetables, but can not remove the main residues of fat-soluble pesticides. Moreover, in the process of soaking, water-soluble pesticides will dissolve in water and form an aqueous solution with a certain concentration. If soaking time is too long, it is likely to lead to the re-adsorption of pesticides in water by fruits and vegetables, and also cause many water-soluble nutrients in vegetables, such as vitamin C. As well as calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc and other dissolved in water, resulting in the loss of its nutrients.", "hypothesis": "Lipid soluble pesticides are more difficult to clean than water soluble pesticides is the content that best sums up the meaning of the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13821, "premise": "People with serious financial problems are so worried about money that they cannot be happy. Their misery makes everyone close to them -- family, friends, colleagues -- unhappy as well. Only if their financial problems are solved can they and those around them be happy.", "hypothesis": "People who solve their serious financial problems will be happy can be properly inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13816, "premise": "Since the deregulation of airlines, delays at the nation' s increasingly busy airports have increased by 25 percent. To combat this problem, more of the takeoff and landing slots at the busiest airports must be allocated to commercial airlines.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The major causes of delays at the nation's busiest airports are bad weather and overtaxed air traffic control equipment' casts the most doubt on the effectiveness of the solution proposed above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 429, "premise": "Imprint learning refers to the learning behavior formed by direct impression in the early stage of animal life. Although imprint learning behavior occurs in the early stage, it also has a certain impact on the later stage.", "hypothesis": "The ewe using the tongue to lick the lamb to mark her offspring does not belong to imprint learning behavior according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10189, "premise": "According to probability theory, tossing a fair coin has almost equal probability of getting heads and tails. I bet with people that if the coin toss comes heads, I win; if it comes tails, I lose. I tossed a coin 6 times and it all came up tails, and I've lost 6 times in a row. So my next few tosses are definitely heads up and will definitely win back.", "hypothesis": "This is just his personal belief and cannot be evaluated rationally or logically is an appropriate evaluation of I's reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8735, "premise": "Five graduate students majoring in linguistics in the liberal arts college of a university in 2014, Zhang, Wang, Li, Zhao and Liu, were hired by one of the three employers Tianshu, Tianji and Tianxuan, and each unit hired at least one of them. It is known that: (1) Li was hired by Tianshu; (2) Li and Zhao were not employed by the same unit; (3) Liu and Zhao were hired by the same unit; (4) if Zhang was hired by Tianxuan, Wang was also hired by Tianxuan.", "hypothesis": "Zhang was hired by Tianxuan is correct to determine the employer of each graduate.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3470, "premise": "The so-called area source pollution refers to the dissolved or solid pollutants flowing into the receiving water body (including rivers, lakes, reservoirs and bays) through the runoff process from non-specific places under the scouring action of precipitation (or snow melting), and causing water eutrophication or other forms of pollution. It is a type of water environment pollution relative to point source pollution.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the garbage scattered everywhere in the countryside pollutes the water body through the precipitation process belongs to area source pollution.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12633, "premise": "The use of phrases like as so-and-so said or as the saying goes suggests that the quote that follows has just been illustrated. Such phrases are inappropriately used when an apparent counterexample has just been given.", "hypothesis": "As the saying goes, All's well that ends well contains an inappropriate usage of a phrase, according to the principle stated above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7651, "premise": "The researchers tested a new longevity drug on two groups of white rabbits. They injected two identical groups of rabbits with the new drug, then kept one in a cage and the other in a natural environment. The results showed that the average life span of rabbits raised in natural environment was 1/10 longer than that of rabbits raised in cage. As a result, the researchers believe that the relaxed environment is conducive to the function of the new drug.", "hypothesis": "The most likely hypothesis for the researchers' conclusion is that little white rabbits raised in the natural environment live more easily.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12488, "premise": "Inventor: All highly successful entrepreneurs have as their main desire the wish to leave a mark on the world. Highly successful entrepreneurs are unique in that whenever they see a solution to a problem, they implement that idea. All other people see solutions to problems but are too interested in leisure time or job security to always have the motivation to implement their ideas.", "hypothesis": "If the inventor's statements are true, then most people do not want to leave a mark on the world because trying to do so would reduce their leisure time or job security must also be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7274, "premise": "As long as the rule of law and truly people - oriented,, we can completely solve the problem of arrears of migrant workers wages. According to a survey conducted during the Spring Festival in 2004, wage arrears to migrant workers are still serious in some places.", "hypothesis": "Some places either do not the rule of law or are not people-oriented can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12331, "premise": "A tiny, tree-living thrips is the first species identified that can reproduce both by laying eggs and by bearing live young, although for any one instance of reproduction, a given female will use only one of the two methods. Interestingly, biologists have observed that all of the offspring of this insect that are hatched from eggs are females, and all of the offspring that are live-born are males. It has also been noted that any particular live-born brood will comprise fewer individuals than any particular brood hatched from eggs. However, a much larger proportion of male offspring than of female offspring survives to adulthood, and among thrips reaching adulthood the ratio of males to females is about even.", "hypothesis": "On average, across the species, more of the offspring are born by hatching from eggs than are born live can be properly inferred about the species of thrips described in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9531, "premise": "Function is the inherent efficiency of things, it is determined by the structure of internal elements of things, and it is a kind of internal mechanism which is relatively stable and independent from the interior of things. Function is the external effect produced by the relationship between things and the external environment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'Mobile phone has the function of communication' is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3128, "premise": "Substitution effect refers to that after the commodity price rises, consumers change to other commodities to meet their needs. When commodity prices fall, consumers will use this commodity to replace other commodities to meet demand.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement \"Commodity prices and the relationship between supply and demand are dynamic\" is incorrect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4511, "premise": "A certain unit organizes employees to perform physical examinations and employees can sign up voluntarily.Lao Wang met a newcomer Xiao Li and talked about it. Lao Wang reminded Xiao Li: The unit organizes a physical examination. Hurry up and sign up. Xiao Li said : I am in good health and I don't need to report it.", "hypothesis": "Only those who are not in good health will sign up for a physical examination can be used as a hypothesis in Xiao Li's answer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1285, "premise": "In the The Book of Odes, the earliest literary work in China, there are many chapters about nostalgia (such as Cai Wei), especially the theme of nostalgia in Tang and Song poems. Early modern Chinese writers in the 20th century, such as Lu Xun, Shen Congwen, Fei Ming, Xiao Hong and so on, have many works about rural memories, which are full of their deep concern for the modern plight of the countryside. Homesickness is, of course, a theme in the world literary tradition. Homer's epic Odyssey shows Odysseus drifting at sea for 10 years and finally returning to his native Ithaca to be reunited with his family. With the rise of German romantic literature, nostalgia is its important theme and has modern significance.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Chinese and foreign writers express the most basic and universal emotions of human beings through their works of homesickness or homesickness.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10948, "premise": "In 1990 major engine repairs were performed on 10 percent of the cars that had been built by the National Motor Company in the 1970s and that were still registered. However, the corresponding figure for the cars that the National Motor Company had manufactured in the 1960s was only five percent.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The cars that the National Motor Company built in the 1970s incorporated simplified engine designs that made the engines less complicated than those of earlier models' most helps to explain the discrepancy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4726, "premise": "The administrative reconsideration law stipulates that if citizens, legal persons or other organizations believe that a specific administrative act infringes upon their legitimate rights and interests, they may apply to the administrative organ at the next higher level or the administrative organ specified in laws and regulations for reconsideration. The administrative procedure law stipulates that citizens, legal persons and other organizations may first apply to the administrative organ at the next higher level for reconsideration of administrative cases that fall within the scope of cases accepted by the people's court. If the applicant refuses to accept the reconsideration, he may bring a lawsuit in the people's court within 15 days from the date of receiving the reconsideration decision; he may also directly bring a lawsuit in the people's court.", "hypothesis": "If a citizen, legal person or other organization is not satisfied with the decision of administrative reconsideration, it may bring an administrative lawsuit within the time limit prescribed by law can be deduced from the above discussion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8247, "premise": "When the human brain is exposed to visual stimulation at the developmental stage, that is, when it sees the outside world through the eyes, the neurons in the visual cortex are activated, that is, these neurons process different image features such as color, shape, brightness, orientation, distance, and so on. If a person is in a critical period of development of visual function, and visual neurons are not fully activated, they will not react or react weakly when they see some image features in the future, resulting in invisibility or obscurity.", "hypothesis": "Missing the critical period of development may lead to the loss of some human functions is an idea that this passage is best used as an argument for.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4231, "premise": "Perceptual defense refers to an ideological method of self-protection of individuals, which makes it easier for people to observe, to meet the needs of individuals, and to meet the needs of individuals unrelated things, is to turn a blind eye, listen without asking.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The songstress who sells songs doesn't understand what the hate of the dead country is, and sings songs across the river\" is not a perceptptical defense.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3425, "premise": "Trademark infringement refers to the use of a trademark by another person for a commercial purpose without the permission of the trademark owner, or the use of a major part of another person's trademark as his trademark on the same or similar goods, thus produces the trademark to confuse to deceive the consumer.", "hypothesis": "Printing the American flag on the packaging of a factory's products in order to highlight the fact that they are made from imported materials is a trademark infringement according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4514, "premise": "In the headquarters of a famous multinational company, all the employees who know English are not proficient in Indonesian, some people who know English are not proficient in Spanish, some people who know Korean are proficient in Indonesian, all those who know Korean are proficient in Spanish, some who know Korean are proficient in English.", "hypothesis": "Some people who understand English are not proficient in Korean is false if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4028, "premise": "To solve the problem of urban traffic congestion, the government has been expanding new roads, but the new road surface is quickly flooded by vehicles. Traffic congestion is not alleviated, but more serious.", "hypothesis": "The option 'The minimum speed limit on new roads is higher than on other roads' is the least likely to explain this phenomenon if correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14398, "premise": "No occupation should be subject to a licensing requirement unless incompetence in the performance of tasks normally carried out within that occupation poses a plausible threat to human health or safety.", "hypothesis": "The principle stated above, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument that because there are no realistic circumstances in which poor work by an interior designer poses a danger to human beings, interior designers should not be subject to a licensing requirement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 289, "premise": "Employees of a supermarket put various brands of shampoo on the shelves. It is known that there are five brands of shampoos such as E, F, G, H and I. They are arranged from left to right on the shelf. Shelf requirements: 1.F is next to H and on the left, 2.I is adjacent to E, 3.G is to the left of F.", "hypothesis": "E is next to F and on the left must be true if I is to the left of G.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10668, "premise": "Since anyone who supports the new tax plan has no chance of being elected, and anyone who truly understands economics would not support the tax plan, only someone who truly understands economics would have any chance of being elected.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because it ignores the possibility that some people who do not support the tax plan do not truly understand economics.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1555, "premise": "Recently, some netizens expressed such concern: I have money in Alipay and Wechat. If I die unexpectedly one day, what will I do with the money (my family doesn't know about the money)? It struck a chord for a moment. According to the regulations of Internet companies, if personal accounts are not used for a long time, Alipay will be cancelled and Wechat will be recycled. This also means that personal network property is likely to be confiscated. Such a situation also exists in brick-and-mortar banks. But physical banks generally have relief mechanisms. For example, for dormant accounts, the bank can contact the second contact, or the relatives and friends of the parties with bank cards to inquire. Inspired by this, the problem of dormant account on the network platform should be solved by legislation.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is to emphasize the necessity of legislation related to network accounts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7752, "premise": "Intermediary sequelae refers to the phenomenon that after users accept the services of an intermediary agency, their personal information is leaked to other agencies and they are harassed for a long time.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang found a satisfactory job through a headhunting company, but in the next few months he will receive some unknown calls every day, recommending him a job with good pay, flexible time and easy tasks is a sequelae of intermediary.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5604, "premise": "Confirmation Bias refers to paying too much attention to the information supporting our decision-making. When we subjectively believe that a certain view is correct, we tend to look for the information that can support this view and ignore the information that may overturn this view.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Lin did not enter a key university this year, but he always said to his classmates that he would have done better if he hadn't caught a cold before the exam belongs to Confirmation Bias according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5891, "premise": "Only people with high fishing skills can join the fishing association; all people in the fishing association wear sun hats; some retired comrades are members of the fishing association; people in a certain street can't fish.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Some retired old comrades have superb fishing skills\" cannot be confirmed from this.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6984, "premise": "Parents, students and employers do not have the right to participate in the management of colleges and universities, but they have the right to be accountable for the social responsibility of colleges and universities. Higher education is popular and university funding sources are diversified. As a result, parents, students and employers have become stakeholders in colleges and universities. For parents and students, their accountability for the responsibility of colleges and universities depends more on whether students can get good learning experience and learning experience, whether the school can train graduates who meet the needs of society, and can be aimed at the needs of enterprises and society,conduct applied research that directly puts into production and increases efficiency.", "hypothesis": "It can be seen that the development of applied disciplines has been promoted by the requirements of parents, students, and employers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13422, "premise": "Recently discovered bird fossils are about 20 million years older than the fossils of the birdlike dinosaurs from which the birds are generally claimed to have descended. So these newly discovered fossils show, contrary to the account espoused by most paleontologists, that no bird descended from any dinosaur.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument draws a generalization that is broader than is warranted by the findings cited.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4479, "premise": "The record of examination in criminal proceedings refers to the fact that the investigators conduct their own personal inspection and observation, and make objective records in order to determine certain characteristics, injuries and physiological state of the victim, suspect, defendant.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The police searched the suspect, took pictures, and scanned the fingerprint\" does not belong to the inspection in the inspection record in criminal proceedings according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3576, "premise": "Only when society is stable can the economy develop. Only when the economy develops can people's living standards improve. Without a fair distribution of wealth, society will not be stable.", "hypothesis": "If the people's living standards have not improved, then the economy has not been developed is not true if the above statement is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 10861, "premise": "Twenty years ago, Balzania put in place regulations requiring operators of surface mines to pay for the reclamation of mined-out land. Since then, reclamation technology has not improved. Yet, the average reclamation cost for a surface coal mine being reclaimed today is only four dollars per ton of coal that the mine produced, less than half what it cost to reclaim surface mines in the years immediately after the regulations took effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Mine operators have generally ceased surface mining in the mountainous areas of Balzania because reclamation costs per ton of coal produced are particularly high for mines in such areas' most helps to account for the drop in reclamation costs described.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7327, "premise": "If Zhang Sheng likes photography, he will like to travel; if he doesn't like photography, he will like to drive; but if Zhang Sheng doesn't like to travel, then he will not be interested in driving.", "hypothesis": "Based on this, it can be concluded that like to travel is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11881, "premise": "Goswami: I support the striking workers at Ergon Foods. They are underpaid. The majority of them make less that $20, 000 per year. Nordecki: If pay is the issue, I must disagree. The average annual salary of the striking workers at Ergon Foods is over $29, 000.", "hypothesis": "Goswmi and Nordecki disagree over the truth of the statement that the striking workers at Ergon Foods are underpaid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5153, "premise": "In a track and field qualifier, Zhang Qiang surpassed Li Jin, and Song Zhi's results were better than Wang Ping, but not as good as Ma Zheng.", "hypothesis": "Among the five people, Wang Ping ranked third at most can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5319, "premise": "Mr. Zhang, Mr. Wang, Mr. Li and Mr. Zhao are driver, professor, doctor and worker. It is known that: (1) Mr. Zhang is taller than the professor; (2) Mr. Li is shorter than Mr. Wang; (3) The worker is taller than the driver; (4) The doctor is shorter than the professor; (5) The worker is either Mr. Zhao or Mr. Li.", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, only one person's occupation can be determined.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2699, "premise": "A canteen purchased 4 categories (the last word of each vegetable name is the same, so it is a kind of vegetables) a total of 12 kinds of vegetables: celery, spinach, leek, green pepper, red pepper, yellow pepper, cucumber, wax gourd, towel gourd, lentil, edamame bean, cowpea. According to some conditions, it is divided into three groups, which are ready to be used in the morning, lunch and evening meals respectively. The known conditions are as follows: (1) vegetables of the same category are not in the same group: (2) celery cannot be in the yellow pepper group and wax gourd cannot be in the lentil group; (3) edamame beans must be in the same group as red peppers or leeks; (4) yellow peppers must be in the same group as cowpeas.", "hypothesis": "If leeks, green peppers and cucumbers are in the same group, it can be inferred that spinach, wax gourd and cowpea are in the same group.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8910, "premise": "The members of the printing group and the bookbinding group are mainly from the following seven employees - F, G, H, J, K, L and M. The members of each group must meet the following conditions: (1) Each group has at least 3 employees . (2) F and K cannot be in the same group. (3) If K is in a certain group, J must also be in this group. (4) M is a member of at least one of these two groups. (5) Both groups have at least one same employee.", "hypothesis": "The acceptable membership choices for the printing group are F, H, J, and K, while the acceptable membership choices for the bookbinding group are H, L, and M.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3670, "premise": "The lipstick effect means that consumers are more willing to buy relatively cheap non-essential goods during an economic crisis. When the economy is down, the sales of lipstick will rise sharply. This is because people still have a strong desire to consume during the downturn. As a cheap non-essential thing, lipstick can provide a certain comfort effect to consumers.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Wang Wu is under great pressure to repay the mortgage, and the price of food in the unit canteen is relatively high. He often goes to the roadside stall to eat a 10-yuan box lunch fits the lipstick effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2402, "premise": "A, B, C, D and E travel on high-speed rail and they happen to be sitting in the same row of A.B.C.D.F seats. It is known that: (1) if one of A or B sits in seat C, C sits in seat B; (2) if E sits in seat C, D sits in seat F.", "hypothesis": "If D is sitting in seat B, F is sitting in seat F can be determined.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14504, "premise": "A convenience store manager noticed that a cooler which had been stocked with only a cola product and an iced-tea product had 15 colas left at the end of the day but only 3 iced-tea beverages. As a result, the manager reasoned that he should increase the amount of iced tea and decrease the amount of cola he ordered from the distributor.", "hypothesis": "At the beginning of the day, the cooler was stocked with at least as many of the iced tea beverages as of the cola beverages would most strengthen the manager's rationale for ordering more iced tea and less cola.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2969, "premise": "Professor Li, an education expert, pointed out that everyone should keep working hard in his life, otherwise it will be like the story of the tortoise and rabbit race. Running fast at one time can not guarantee to be ahead all the time. If you have a good foundation and can keep working hard, you will succeed earlier than others.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Wang has a good foundation and can keep working hard, but he may succeed later than others must be wrong if professor Li's statement is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8200, "premise": "Man is born of nature, and man and nature are in a symbiotic relationship, and damage to nature will eventually damage human beings. Therefore, only by respecting the laws of nature can we effectively prevent detours in the development and utilization of nature.", "hypothesis": "Humans are born from nature, so we must develop and utilize nature can be concluded from the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12172, "premise": "Brochure: Help conserve our city' s water supply. By converting the landscaping in your yard to a water-conserving landscape, you can greatly reduce your outdoor water use. A water-conserving landscape is natural and attractive, and it also saves you money. Criticism: For most people with yards, the savings from converting to a water-conserving landscape cannot justify the expense of new landscaping, since typically the conversion would save less than twenty dollars on a homeowner' s yearly water bills.", "hypothesis": "If true, some homeowners use more water to maintain their yards than they use for all other purposes combined provides the best basis for a rebuttal of the criticism.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5106, "premise": "Consumer culture refers to the sum of people's consumption concept, consumption mode, consumption behavior and consumption environment in material production, spiritual production, social life and consumption activities in a certain historical stage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The middle-aged and the elderly, especially the elderly, like to spend in a quiet and comfortable shopping environment' does not belong to consumer culture according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6293, "premise": "Before I learned history, I believed that most of the fields had been cultivated by people, but later I discovered that I'm wrong. Even if it is a task that is very hot explored by people, you should carefully study the existing research results and compare them with some relevant historical materials. And you will find that almost everyone and every piece of history has something that have been neglected by historians, and there are a lot of research gaps.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the views on the above passage is 'It is urgent to strengthen the discussion of historical research methods.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2970, "premise": "A recent study found that the color of the water can change the direction of hurricanes, that is, if the water changes color, the moving path of hurricanes will also change direction. This means that scientists can judge which areas will be hit by hurricanes and which areas will survive according to the face of the sea water. It is noteworthy that global warming may have discolored the sea water.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Global warming is one of the important reasons for the frequent occurrence of hurricanes in recent years' is most likely to be a prerequisite for scientists to make judgments.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4843, "premise": "An economic theory points out that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between economic growth and environmental quality, that is, deterioration first and then improvement. At the beginning, with economic growth, residents' income continues to increase and the environment begins to deteriorate; However, when the economy grows to a certain extent, the environmental quality begins to reverse and continues to improve.", "hypothesis": "China's economy being developed, and its environmental quality experiencing a process from deterioration to gradual recovery can verify the validity of this theory.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7962, "premise": "Modern psychological research believes that when a person feels upset, depressed, or anxious, his body's blood pressure and oxidation will decrease, and when he is in a happy mood, his entire metabolism will improve.", "hypothesis": "The option 'As long as you are in a good mood, you can improve your entire metabolism' can be inferred from this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8411, "premise": "Compared with other energy crops that can effectively replace fossil fuels, the ability of algae to produce oil is very outstanding. In order to increase the yield of algae fuel, some researchers are committed to the development of genetically modified algae. However, opponents believe that the proliferation of genetically modified algae will produce toxins and deplete the oxygen in the water, resulting in the death of a large number of other organisms in the water, which will seriously damage the ecological balance.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The world consumes a lot of oil and coal every year. If an alternative fuel is not found, the world's energy will soon run out' will most weaken the concerns of opponents.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13514, "premise": "Large deposits of the rare mineral nahcolite formed in salty lakes 50 million to 52 million years ago during the Eocene epoch. Laboratory tests found that, in salty water, nahcolite can form only when the atmosphere contains at least 1, 125 parts per million of carbon dioxide.", "hypothesis": "The statements above, if true, most strongly support that levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere fluctuated greatly during the Eocene epoch.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1378, "premise": "The law itself is not omnipotent, many problems in social life, the final solution can not rely on the law, at least can not rely on the law alone. In many cases, the social contradiction itself and the key to its solution come from the political, economic, cultural and other practical aspects.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Social conflicts are not resolved because there are laws that do not abide by the law\" is not an accurate interpretation of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12569, "premise": "A coffee manufacturer wants more restaurant chains to serve its brands of coffee. The manufacturer is considering a plan to offer its coffee to large chains at a significantly lower price, at least for a certain period. This lower price initially will reduce the manufacturer' s profits, but they hope to get into enough nationwide restaurant chains that their volume increases significantly. Once they have a much higher volume, even a small increase in their price would have an enormous effect on their profits.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the plan's chances of success, it would be most helpful to know whether their discounted price is lower than the prices of the coffee manufacturers who currently provide coffee to these nationwide restaurant chains.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6565, "premise": "Recently, the price of international agricultural products has risen and the domestic grain price has also been impacted, but the domestic agricultural product market is relatively closed and its supply and demand is still strongly controllable. The stability of agricultural product prices determines the relative stability of C.PI. However, vigilance cannot be relaxed and once domestic agricultural prices rise, setting off a chain reaction, inflation triggered by rising agricultural prices in previous years could be repeated.", "hypothesis": "The stability of domestic agricultural product prices is mainly emphasized in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14807, "premise": "Young people believe efforts to reduce pollution, poverty, and war are doomed to failure. This pessimism is probably harmful to humanity' s future, because people lose motivation to work for goals they think are unrealizable. We must do what we can to prevent this loss of motivation and ttherefore must enable our children to believe that better futures are possible.", "hypothesis": "Enabling people to believe that better futures are possible will help prevent the loss of motivation that results from pessimistic beliefs about the future is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8162, "premise": "Peripheral products refer to goods made by authorizing the use of characters or animals in animation, comics, games and other works.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoying collects photos of all the roles her idol star has played into a book and sells them among fans belongs to the peripheral product according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14722, "premise": "University administrator: Saying that writing cannot be taught is as silly as saying that playing the violin cannot be taught. Of course writing can be taught. Writing classes have been taught at this university ever since it was founded.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the university administrator's argument is flawed because it generalizes on the basis of mere speculation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6098, "premise": "Scientists in France and Belgium are trying to find out whether there are differences between the brains of mathematical geniuses and ordinary people. In their report, they said that the study found that some people can quickly calculate complex mathematical problems, Maybe it's because they can use parts of the brain that other people can't use. Researchers used positron ray scanning technology to compare the brain of a famous mathematician with that of ordinary people. They found that when mathematicians perform problem calculus, the part of the brain usually responsible for long-term memory also becomes active, However, most people don't have this phenomenon. Therefore, researchers infer that mathematicians use more memory in calculus, so as to speed up the calculus. This principle is the same as that of computers. The larger the memory, the faster the operation speed.", "hypothesis": "The faster computing speed is due to the use of more memory is consistent with this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7162, "premise": "The eldest, second and third brothers work in Shanghai, Zhejiang and Jiangxi. Their occupations are lawyers, doctors and civil servants. It is known that the boss does not work in Shanghai, the second does not work in Zhejiang, the civil servants who work in Shanghai are not civil servants, the lawyers who work in Zhejiang, and the second is not a doctor.", "hypothesis": "The boss, the second and the third work in Zhejiang, Jiangxi, and Shanghai.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2261, "premise": "The phenomenon of education in human society is not only teaching, but also learning without teaching and teaching without inducing learning. Even teaching does not only exist in schools, but in all areas of one's social life. Long before the emergence of modern and modern schools, human beings have been engaged in a variety of educational activities: after the emergence of modern and modern schools, human educational activities are still widely happening in social life outside schools. By limiting its research horizon to the time-space frame of the school, pedagogy has actually determined a wrong disciplinary boundary for itself, so it can only vaguely regard a large number of educational phenomena as so-called generalized education and vaguely exclude them from its main research horizon.", "hypothesis": "The current pedagogy research has misjudged the disciplinary boundary does not fit the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12634, "premise": "Dr. Bradshaw: Gastric bypass surgery will provide sustained health and weight-loss benefits in morbidly obese patients, since it allows morbidly obese patients to have the size of their stomachs reduced to allow them to consume less food, and also allows food to bypass part of the small intestine, ensuring that fewer calories are absorbed. Morbidly obese patients will realize more sustained benefit from gastric bypass surgery than any other treatment regimen could provide. Dr. Hobbes: Not so. Gastric bypass surgery might help morbidly obese patients initially. However, patients undergoing this surgery will eventually become extremely dehydrated and deprived of critical nutrients needed to maintain their health due to the vastly decreased amount of food and beverages they can consume. Eventually, most will develop severe complications from dehydration coupled with nutrient loss. Hence, sustained health benefits will not be obtained.", "hypothesis": "The point at issue between Dr. Bradshaw and Dr. Hobbes is whether gastric bypass surgery is likely to be widely undergone by morbidly obese patients in future years.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8032, "premise": "The ancients wrote poems. I thought about it for three years before I wrote these two lines. When I read it, I can't help but burst into tears. Writing a novel used to be a state of closing the door and refusing guests to visit. Nowadays many writers write several novels a year. Hundreds of thousands of words were written in a month. There is no accumulation of life, no careful consideration of life, no careful layout of writing, no careful consideration and repeated revision of words, how can there be high-quality works? How can we resist the elimination of time? If creation is different from other work, the difference lies in creativity; if it is difficult, it also lies in creativity. It is not only different from its predecessors, but also different from itself.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this passage is that the creative attitude of modern people is not as serious as that of the ancients.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4152, "premise": "A survey of congenital heart defect patients in a northern county showed that most were born in winter. Experts say the likely cause is malnutrition among pregnant women in labor. It is difficult to buy fresh food in the coldest season of the year.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Most of the development of the cardiovascular regions associated with heart disease occurs in the month before childbirth' supports the expert's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 125, "premise": "Protein drugs, such as insulin, still have to be administered through a tedious subcutaneous injection procedure. If protein drugs are taken orally, they will be digested and cannot reach the target cells. However, some non-protein drugs contain chemical bonds that cannot be broken down by the digestive system.", "hypothesis": "The above statement most strongly supports the assertion that coating insulin with a mixture that can be broken down by target cells, but its chemical bonds will not be digested would benefit the users of protein drugs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12957, "premise": "Internet music downloading websites allow consumers to download music onto their home computers. Patrons of these music downloading websites purchase more albums from retail stores than people who do not download music through these websites. Ttherefore, downloading music on these websites actually encourages consumers to purchase more albums than they otherwise would.", "hypothesis": "The argument is most vulnerable to criticism because it suggests a premise must be false because of the lack of evidence to support it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12820, "premise": "A photograph of the night sky was taken with the camera shutter open for an extended period. The normal motion of stars across the sky caused the images of the stars in the photograph to appear as streaks. However, one bright spot was not streaked. Even if the spot were caused, as astronomers believe, by a celestial object, that object could still have been moving across the sky during the time the shutter was open, since __.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"stars in the night sky do not appear to shift position relative to each other\" most logically completes the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5338, "premise": "Social insurance means that the state passes legislation and raises funds through multiple channels. When workers temporarily or permanently lose their labor force and interrupt their work for other reasons, there is no economic income or their labor income is reduced, the social security system provides an economic subsidy given to enable them to enjoy basic living conditions.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, pension, unemployment, medical, work injury, maternity and other insurance are social insurance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7778, "premise": "According to a recent report by the Capital Trading Department of a bank, only a continuous increase in interest rates of the macroeconomic regulation and control can fundamentally control the impulse of economic expansion and prevent the emergence and bursting of asset bubbles. If the RMB does not appreciate faster, then there is no cure for RMB liquidity, low interest rates can not be corrected, asset bubbles are likely to blow bigger and bigger.", "hypothesis": "If the RMB continues to raise interest rates, it could fundamentally curb the impulse to expand can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5894, "premise": "If sponsors of the Olympic Games want to achieve commercial success through the Olympics, it is not enough to simply add five rings on their business cards or set up tents to attract tourists. For the past 15 years, as a global sponsor of the Olympic Games, VISA International Organizations believe that in order to effectively use this world's largest sports and cultural event, it is not just an event that simply throws money into the Olympic flame.", "hypothesis": "VISA International did not set up tents to attract tourists is an option that can be derived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1751, "premise": "Seeing a round of old spinning wagons in the corner of the room, the humming sound of sleepless night sounded in my ears; seeing the old loom, the past seemed to come to mind in the rhythm of weaving. Home textiles belong to The ancient traditional techniques, men farming and women weaving, are justified. Home-made cloth is often used as a dowry for rural girls and a testimony of their ingenuity. Peasant women sit by the loom and weave their colorful lives and dreams in earthen cloth as white as snow or flowers.", "hypothesis": "The main expression of this text is 'The glitz of the past passes through.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 362, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that birds living in large groups have more new neurons in their brains and stronger memory than birds living alone. This advise humans accordingly: If you are alone, you'd better make some friends, otherwise you will lose your precious brain cells and cause memory loss.", "hypothesis": "Many lonely people have very good memories can best refute the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14451, "premise": "The most common amphibian in the Tropicalico jungle is a unique variety of tree frog, but this variety is almost never seen, even by trained researchers studying the amphibian. Surprisingly, this frog is seen even less than tinier and less populous amphibian varieties, possibly less than any other amphibian type within the jungle.", "hypothesis": "The tree frog's croak is high-pitched and clearly identifiable while the croaks of most other frogs are low-pitched and indistinguishable helps to reconcile the statements above EXCEPT.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4763, "premise": "All business managers are people who actively oppose corporate tax, because all those who actively oppose corporate tax are members of the chamber of commerce, so all members of the chamber of commerce are business managers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some buildings with special insurance premiums are not wooden houses, because no wooden houses are fire-resistant houses, so all fire-resistant houses are buildings with special insurance premiums' is most similar to the above reasoning method.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13370, "premise": "Michelangelo' s sixteenth-century Sistine Chapel paintings are currently being restored. A goal of the restorers is to uncover Michelangelo' s original work, and so additions made to Michelangelo' s paintings by later artists are being removed. However, the restorers have decided to make one exception: to leave intact additions that were painted by da Volterra.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The restorers believe that da Volterra stripped away all previous layers of paint before he painted his own additions to the Sistine Chapel' most helps to reconcile the restorers' decision with the goal stated in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1031, "premise": "In people's impression, bio-fuel is a renewable green energy. The latest research results overturn people's traditional impression. Researchers found that bio-fuel may be converted into acetaldehyde due to incomplete combustion, which will pollute the air. This pollution will lead to 1400 early deaths in country M every year. Therefore, some medical institution personnel in country M believe that the promotion of bio-fuels should be suspended and its use should be limited at this stage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Scientists predict that as research progresses, acetaldehyde will no longer be produced by new biofuels in five years' would most effectively question the views of medical institution personnel.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15180, "premise": "Columnist: A recent research report suggests that by exercising vigorously, one significantly lowers one' s chances of developing certain cardiorespiratory illnesses. But exercise has this effect, the report concludes, only if the exercise is vigorous. Thus, one should not heed older studies purporting to show that nonstrenuous walking yields the same benefits.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the columnist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to consider the possibility that those who engage in vigorous physical exercise are more likely than others to perceive themselves as healthy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10615, "premise": "Only an expert in some branch of psychology could understand why Patrick is behaving irrationally. But no expert is certain of being able to solve someone else' s problem. Patrick wants to devise a solution to his own behavioral problem.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that Patrick is not an expert in psychology can be validly drawn from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2163, "premise": "Consumption lag refers to the average consumption level that personal consumption lags behind the national economic development and personal household income. Consumption ahead means that the current income level is not enough to buy the products or services needed now, in the form of loans, installments, advances and other forms of consumption.", "hypothesis": "Liu's purchase of a car through borrowing money belongs to consumption ahead according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2135, "premise": "In the process of interpersonal communication, appearance is the easiest attribute to observe. Compared with ordinary people, attractive individuals are often considered to have higher abilities, more positive personality characteristics and better Interpersonal relationships, even income levels and personal happiness index will be relatively high. At work, when the same task is completed by different people, customers usually give a relatively high evaluation of the service quality of good-looking employees.", "hypothesis": "Companies should choose good-looking people as employees to improve customer service satisfaction can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 280, "premise": "Small animals suitable for experimental use must reproduce fast and their genes should be as similar to humans as possible. Some small animals reproduce fast but have few genes similar to humans. Therefore, some fast-breeding small animals are not suitable for experiments.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Generally speaking, computers that do not undergo system maintenance every week must be repaired in specialty stores after one year of use\" has the most similar logical structure to the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7823, "premise": "Structural unemployment refers to the unemployment caused by changes in economic structure, system and growth mode, which makes the supply structure of labor force inconsistent with the demand structure in terms of skills, experience, types of work, knowledge, age, gender, subjective will and region.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Li has worked in a company for two years and feels that there is no room for further development. He quit his job this year and intends to find another job is not structural unemployment according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7660, "premise": "Crowdsourcing refers to the practice of a company or organization to delegate tasks traditionally performed by employees to the general public.", "hypothesis": "In the past three years, a real estate company has handed over all the daily maintenance of computers, networks and peripherals to a computer company is not crowdsourcing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4575, "premise": "The survey shows that 59.4% of the public feel that the current social Reverse Elimination phenomenon is common, of which 18.8% feel very much. The so-called Reverse Elimination, in short, refers to the elimination of the bad, the elimination of the good, the inferior, the elimination of the high-quality, the mediocre, the elimination of the outstanding and so on.", "hypothesis": "Many companies have people who complain about their jobs. As a result, those who complain about their jobs in the company must be much more successful than those without such people is reverse elimination phenomena according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14244, "premise": "Why are violins made by Stradivarius in the early 1700s far superior to most other violins? Some experts suggest secret varnishes, but there is no evidence for this. However, climatologists have found that in the 1600s and early 1700s weather patterns in the region of Italy where Stradivarius worked affected tree growth to produce wood with special acoustic properties. Ttherefore, it is likely that__.", "hypothesis": "The special qualities of Stradivarius violins are due in part to the wood used to make them most logically completes the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6482, "premise": "There are two factors that have a great adverse impact on the results of scientific research: one is the prevailing atmosphere of secrecy in scientific research and the other is the lack of personal freedom of researchers.", "hypothesis": "The wrong understanding of this passage is that a lot of scientific research is carried out in an atmosphere of secrecy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1050, "premise": "The first cognition effect refers to that in the process of social cognition, the information first input through the first impression has a significant impact on the object's subsequent cognition. The first impression has the strongest effect and lasts for a long time, which is stronger than the later information for the whole impression of things.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Zhang's performance in the interview and subsequent cancellation of his employment plan by the human resources department does not relate to the first cognition effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6609, "premise": "For a long time, we regard overtime as the embodiment of employees' love for their jobs and dedication to their work. It is certainly commendable that a comrade works overtime, overfulfills the task, or even does the work of three people alone. His spirit and enthusiasm cannot be read by himself. Our country's rapid development and rapid economic growth are inseparable from overtime work in various industries. It is not too much to say that China's development achievements are the result of hard work and hard work of the Chinese people. This should be the beneficial side of working overtime.", "hypothesis": "Overtime has become a common trend in all kinds of industries is not the author's view of overtime according to the above paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14421, "premise": "There are many structural and thematic similarities between Piers Plowman by Langland (1330-1400) and House of Fame by Chaucer (1342-1400), two Middle English poems relating dream visions. Some critics have argued that because a number of the shared elements are uncommon in Middle English poetry, and because Langland' s poem probably predates Chaucer' s by a few years, Chaucer was most likely influenced by Piers Plowman when writing House of Fame.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Many of the themes and structures of Piers Plowman are also found in Latin, Italian, French works with which Chaucer could well have been familiar' most seriously weakens the critics' argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1252, "premise": "At present, the integration model represented by cultural science and technology, cultural finance and cultural creativity has been widely used. The main purpose of culture science and technology is to promote the transformation and application of high-tech achievements into the cultural field, and to strengthen the content support and creative promotion of culture to the information industry. Cultural finance focuses on guiding all kinds of social capital to invest in the field of culture, making use of the Internet financial model, and giving full play to the stimulating effect of financial innovation on cultural consumption. Cultural creativity takes culture as resources, creativity as the means, industry as the purpose, to develop cultural and creative industries, and to achieve deep integration with other industries at the same time.", "hypothesis": "The above three contents all belong to the form of culture-integration trend known as cross-factor fusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8335, "premise": "The key to being in power lies in the proper use of personnel. The grass-roots front line is at the forefront of serving the masses, and the masses' pursuit and expectations for a better life are rich and diverse, and a sufficient number of professional counterparts are needed to promote the governance of a highly effective. At present, great changes have taken place in the type of community in our country, the function carried by the community is more and more, and the situation of the community is complex and changeable. Convenient services for the people, such as supporting the army and families, providing for the aged and helping the disabled, epidemic prevention and control, charity and education, etc., all need the professional response ability of the relevant parties of community governance, such as community party organizations, neighborhood committees, community service stations, property service enterprises and so on.", "hypothesis": "The main emphasis of the passage is that the governance of a highly effective community requires the cooperation of many parties.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a member of save the earth, but not a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo, he must be Xiao Liu can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7033, "premise": "Since the 1980s, the market-oriented reform has realized the market value of human capital, and the rate of return on Residents' education has increased from a low level to about 10%, which is also an important reason for the widening income gap between workers with different levels of education. With the improvement of education, highly educated workers are no longer scarce, and the income from education is gradually stable, The wage ratio of workers with high and low educational background is no longer rising. In recent years, there has been a phenomenon of wage convergence, and the income gap between different educational background is narrowing.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'With the continuous adjustment of human capital market, the impact of educational factors on income is gradually reduced' is in line with this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1261, "premise": "Although the pricing of operating pension institutions is liberalized and the government cannot intervene, from the point of view of protecting the rights and interests of buyers, stabilizing the price of old-age beds and standardizing market order, the parties concerned need to be highly vigilant of the problems brought about by this business model of selling beds. For example, if beds can be speculated, it may deviate from the nature of beds in pension institutions-turning pension services into a form of investment, and it may also coax up the price of beds in pension institutions, making it impossible for the elderly to afford or live in. In addition, there is likely to be idle waste after the bed price is high. In short, if not regulated, it is possible to repeat the mistakes of property speculation in China's property market.", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that the speculation of beds by pension institutions may be a disguised form of real estate speculation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11734, "premise": "Bookstore owner: Consumers should buy books only from an independent bookstore, not from a bookstore that belongs to a bookstore chain. An independent bookstore tends to carry a much wider variety of books than does a chain bookstore, so because chains often threaten the existence of independent bookstores, they tend to reduce the variety of books available to consumers.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'Consumers should buy books from only those bookstores whose existence does not tend to reduce the variety of books available to consumers' most helps to justify the bookstore owner's argumentation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14747, "premise": "Reducing speed limits neither saves lives nor protects the environment. This is because the more slowly a car is driven, the more time it spends on the road spewing exhaust into the air and running the risk of colliding with other vehicles.", "hypothesis": "The argument's reasoning is flawed because it presumes, without providing justification, that drivers run a significant risk of collision only if they spend a lot of time on the road.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4845, "premise": "People who buy commercial health insurance, because they can reimburse medical expenses, will allow bad behaviors and hobbies that can lead to illness, such as alcoholism, inaction, etc.", "hypothesis": "People with bad behaviors and hobbies rarely buy commercial medical insurance best constitutes a challenge to the above conclusions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7215, "premise": "Students in key middle schools generally do better than those in non key middle schools. Li Ming ranked the first of the class in college, so he studied in key middle schools in high school.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Li has excellent grades, so he is very good at learning is most similar to the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1276, "premise": "The Internet is of great significance to solve the problems of lack of high-quality medical services, insufficient total resources of doctors, uneven distribution, great differences in ability among doctors and so on. On the one hand, the Internet medical platform provides doctors with mobile application software that allows them to provide services to patients in their spare time and spare time; on the other hand, the Internet medical platform also establishes a patient payment mechanism, which makes doctors get a reasonable return for their efforts, stimulate doctors' motivation, and make them willing to contribute their private time to society.", "hypothesis": "The advantage of the Internet medical platform that is not mentioned in this paragraph is effectively reducing doctor-patient conflicts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4587, "premise": "Counterfactual thinking is usually the negation of events that have occurred in the mind, and then it is characterized as a mental activity that may have occurred but did not occur in reality. According to the direction of occurrence, counterfactual thinking can be divided into upward counterfactual thinking and downward counterfactual thinking, upward counterfactual thinking refers to events that have occurred in the past, and imagine that if certain conditions are met, there may be better results than real results; downward counterfactual thinking refers to events that have occurred in the past, imagine If certain conditions are met, there may be a result that is worse than the real result.", "hypothesis": "Downward counterfactual thinking includes thinking such as 'If I play a little bit worse, I will miss the medal.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14211, "premise": "Yuriko: Our city' s campaign to persuade parents to have their children vaccinated ought to be imitated by your city. In the 16 months since the enactment of legislation authorizing the campaign, vaccinations in our city have increased by 30 percent. Susan: But the major part of that increase occurred in the first 6 months after that legislation was enacted, right after your city' s free neighborhood health clinics opened, and before the vaccination campaign really got going.", "hypothesis": "In responding to Yuriko, Susan cites facts that tend to weaken the force of the evidence with which Yuriko supports her recommendation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7964, "premise": "The World Heritage Convention stipulates that the country where the world heritage is located must ensure the authenticity and integrity of the heritage. The first level of the world heritage function is scientific research, the second level is the education function, and the last is the tourism function. At present, many places are gradually Corrected, but there are still many unsatisfactory places.", "hypothesis": "All countries where World Heritage Sites are located are overly focused on their tourist functions cannot be inferred from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14869, "premise": "When species are extensively hunted, individuals that reach reproductive maturity early make up a larger proportion of the population, because they have a better chance of reproducing. When species face diminished food resources, on the other hand, individuals tend to take longer to reach reproductive maturity. These considerations may help settle whether the primary cause of the gradual disappearance of North America' s mastodons, prehistoric animals related to elephants, was diminished food resources or human hunting, since __.", "hypothesis": "From the remains of mastodons already discovered, it can be accurately estimated when mastodons became extinct most logically completes the reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11042, "premise": "Researcher: Dinosaurs lack turbinates -- nasal cavity bone structures in warm-blooded species that minimize water loss during breathing. According to some paleobiologists, this implies that all dinosaurs were cold-blooded. These paleobiologists must be mistaken, however, for fossil records show that some dinosaur species lived in Australia and Alaska, where temperatures drop below freezing. Only warm-blooded animals could survive such temperatures.", "hypothesis": "The claim that only warm-blooded animals could survive temperatures below freezing most accurately describes the role played in the researcher's argument as a premise offered in support of the argument's main conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5554, "premise": "Ireland has a large area of peat, rich wetland environmentalists have been opposed to coal mining in wetland areas.Their argument is that mining peat can damage the ecological balance of Ireland's wetlands, with immediate and serious consequences for polluting water sources. However, this fear is untenable. In the last 50 years of statistics, there have never been any reports of contaminated water sources due to coal mining.", "hypothesis": "Ireland has the technological know-how and financial support to control pollution and protect the ecology best reinforces the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3413, "premise": "The world's top film actors make no more than three films a year. Therefore, if Zuo Yuan takes about 4 films a year, he is not a world's top film actors.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning method that is the same as above is that if the cost of a mobile phone is generally more expensive than an ordinary phone, and if mobile phones and ordinary phones are around, then using ordinary phones first is the practice of saving.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4128, "premise": "Lawyer's legal responsibility: refers to the lawyer's deliberate or negligent violation of relevant laws and regulations and the lawyer's practice discipline, which damages the legal rights of the parties, disrupts the normal judicial order, and affects the image of the lawyer's profession. Consequences that cause lawyers to bear civil, administrative, and criminal liabilities in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"When the evidence should be collected, the evidence was obliterated because it was not collected in time due to the lawyer\" does not belong to the legal responsibility of a lawyer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12872, "premise": "Mary Ann: Our country should, above all, be strong. Strength gains the respect of other countries and makes a country admirable. Inez: There are many examples in history of countries that were strong but used their strength to commit atrocities. We should judge a country by the morality of its actions, not by its strength. If the actions are morally good, the country is admirable.", "hypothesis": "It is possible to assign moral weight to the actions of countries is a presupposition that underlies Inez' argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9185, "premise": "The vast majority of elite athletes have good psychological qualities, most of them have achieved good results in competitions, and all athletes who have achieved good results in competitions have trained hard.", "hypothesis": "Certain athletes with good mental qualities train hard can be properly deduced from the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14086, "premise": "Certain methods of creating high-quality counterfeit banknotes involve making accurate measurements of the images printed on genuine banknotes. Hence, if the production of high-quality counterfeit banknotes is to be prevented, some of the images on banknotes must be made very difficult or impossible to measure accurately.", "hypothesis": "The argument's conclusion can be properly drawn if the assumption that few countries produce banknotes with images that are difficult for counterfeiters to measure accurately is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12308, "premise": "Ecologist: Without the intervention of conservationists, squirrel monkeys will become extinct. But they will survive if large tracts of second-growth forest habitat are preserved for them. Squirrel monkeys flourish in second-growth forest because of the plentiful supply of their favorite insects and fruit.", "hypothesis": "No habitat other than second-growth forest contains plentiful supplies of squirrel monkeys' favorite insects and fruit can be properly inferred from the ecologist's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7569, "premise": "There are 42 employees in a college. They either do teaching and research work or do administrative work. In the college, professors do not perform administrative work, and young doctors under the age of 30 are doing administrative work. Many people in the college are They are recruited from overseas, and they all have doctoral degrees.Li Ming is the youngest professor of the college.He is only 29 years old.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, it can be derived that most of the professors of the college are overseas doctors over 30 years old.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8606, "premise": "Personal company refers to a company based on the personal credit of its shareholders; joint-investment company refers to a company whose assets are formed by the respective capital contributions of the company's shareholders as the basis for its credit; a joint-personal joint venture is a company with both of the above properties,credit basis.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a company whose capital chain was broken due to poor management, and whose entire registered capital was counted when filing for bankruptcy, and whose shareholders' personal property was not affected, is a Personal company.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12047, "premise": "Offshore oil-drilling operations entail an unavoidable risk of an oil spill, but importing oil on tankers presently entails an even greater such risk per barrel of oil. Ttherefore, if we are to reduce the risk of an oil spill without curtailing our use of oil, we must invest more in offshore operations and import less oil on tankers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Oil spills caused by tankers have generally been more serious than those caused by offshore operations' most seriously weakens the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5239, "premise": "Compared with Mars, the earth has many common attributes, just like belonging to the solar system, both are relatively regular spheres, with revolutions and rotations. Since there is life on the earth, Mars is also very likely to have life.", "hypothesis": "No liquid water has been found on Mars is most likely to undermine the reliability of the above judgment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8587, "premise": "The last two sentences of Li Bai's Singing on the river said: Fame and wealth exist for a long time, and the Han Water should also flow to the northwest. The Han Water, also known as the Han River, originated in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi Province, flowing southeast through Xiangyang, Hubei Province, to Hankou and into the Yangtze River.", "hypothesis": "If the Han River can flow to the northwest, then fame and wealth will always be there is most in line with Li Bai's point of view according to the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4319, "premise": "On the surface, college graduates in 1982 are similar to college graduates in 1964. They are quite conservative: they are well dressed and interested in tradition and respect their parents. But there is a deep-rooted difference: most of the 1982 surveyed college graduates declared that getting a good income in their freshman year was an important reason for their decision to go to college.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that comparing the college graduates in 1964 with the college graduates in 1982, their concern about finances is superficial is most supported by the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14043, "premise": "Some managers think that the best way to maximize employee performance is to institute stiff competition among employees. However, in situations where one competitor is perceived to be clearly superior, other competitors become anxious and doubt their own ability to perform. Thus, stiff competition can undermine the result it was intended to achieve.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that those who are perceived to be clearly superior almost always win is required for the conclusion of the argument to be properly drawn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13657, "premise": "Outsourcing is the practice of obtaining from an independent supplier a product or service that a company has previously provided for itself. Since a company's chief objective is to realize the highest possible year-end profits, any product or service that can be obtained from an independent supplier for less than it would cost the company to provide the product or service on its own should be outsourced.", "hypothesis": "Successful outsourcing requires a company to provide its suppliers with information about its products and plans that can fall into the hands of its competitors and give them a business advantage most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13696, "premise": "Philosopher: People are not intellectually well suited to live in large bureaucratic societies. Ttherefore, people can find happiness, if at all, only in smaller political units such as villages.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the philosopher's argument is flawed because the argument takes for granted that anyone who lives in a village or other small political unit that is not excessively bureaucratic can find happiness.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13597, "premise": "Mr. Nance: Ms. Chan said that she retired from Quad Cities Corporation, and had received a watch and a wonderful party as thanks for her 40 years of loyal service. But I overheard a colleague of hers say that Ms. Chan will be gone for much of the next year on business trips and is now working harder than she ever did before; that does not sound like retirement to me. At least one of them is not telling the truth.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Nance's reasoning is flawed because it draws a conclusion based on equivocal language.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1674, "premise": "As people's life and work gradually enter high-rise buildings, people have less exposure to daylight. It is found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D, and vitamin D is a key factor to promote calcium absorption. Therefore, some people have come to the conclusion that modern people are more likely to suffer from diseases such as osteoporosis caused by calcium deficiency.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The calcium-containing food in the diet of modern people is much richer than before' can most question the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13111, "premise": "Press release: A comprehensive review evaluating the medical studies done up to the present time has found no reason to think that drinking coffee in normal amounts harms the coffee-drinker' s heart. So coffee drinkers can relax and enjoy their beverage -- it is safe to drink coffee.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The health of the heart is not identical with the general health of the body' points to a weakness in the reasoning in the press release's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14962, "premise": "Curator: A magazine recently ran a very misleading story on the reaction of local residents to our controversial art exhibit. They quoted the responses of three residents, all of whom expressed a sense of moral outrage. These quotations were intended to suggest that most local residents oppose the exhibit; the story failed to mention, however, the fact that the three residents are all close friends.", "hypothesis": "The principle that 'it is misleading to present the opinions of a potentially nonrepresentative sample of people as if they represent public opinion' most helps to justify the curator's argumentation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10654, "premise": "MetroBank made loans to ten small companies, in amounts ranging from $1, 000 to $100, 000. These ten loans all had graduated payment plans, i. e. , the scheduled monthly loan payment increased slightly each month over the five-year term of the loan. Nonetheless, the average payment received by MetroBank for these ten loans had decreased by the end of the five-year term.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most banks offer a greater number of loans for under $100, 000 than for over $100, 000' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6613, "premise": "Because of the popularity of e-books, customers have changed their consumption habits and many bookstores have difficulties in operating. But bookstores can also make money by selling books, because bookstores are not only a place to sell books, but also provide face-to-face communication. Only face-to-face communication is the real communication and can constantly improve human feelings.", "hypothesis": "In addition to selling books, the bookstore is also engaged in other business does not match the meaning of the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12792, "premise": "Psychologist: A study of 436 university students found that those who took short naps throughout the day suffered from insomnia more frequently than those who did not. Moreover, people who work on commercial fishing vessels often have irregular sleep patterns that include frequent napping, and they also suffer from insomnia. So it is very likely that napping tends to cause insomnia.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the psychologist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to consider the possibility that frequent daytime napping is an effect rather than a cause of insomnia.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9363, "premise": "Navigation satellites are located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers and can be navigated by receiving signals throughout their coverage area. Beyond 20,000 kilometers, a whole new navigation system is needed. Astronomers have proposed several possible navigation systems, the most talked about being pulsar navigation. Pulsars are neutron stars that emit radio or X-ray radiation in the direction of their magnetic poles. They pulse when the axis of rotation does not coincide with the magnetic poles and sweeps across the Earth. Some of these pulsars are so stable that they are comparable to the best atomic clocks on Earth that they are also known as the atomic clocks of the universe. If you can pick up their signals and know where they are, you can use them for interstellar voyages.", "hypothesis": "Factors affecting rotational stability of pulsars is most likely to be introduced next.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11250, "premise": "A plausible explanation of the disappearance of the dinosaurs is what is known as the comet theory. A large enough comet colliding with Earth could have caused a cloud of dust that enshrouded the planet and cooled the climate long enough to result in the dinosaurs' demise.", "hypothesis": "The consequences for vegetation and animals of a comet colliding with Earth are not fully understood most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14492, "premise": "In his new book on his complex scientific research, R frequently imputes bad faith to researchers disagreeing with him. A troubling aspect of R' s book is his stated conviction that other investigators' funding sources often determine what findings those investigators report. Add to this that R has often shown himself to be arrogant, overly ambitious, and sometimes plain nasty, and it becomes clear that R' s book does not merit attention from serious professionals.", "hypothesis": "The author of the book review commits the reasoning error of dismissing a scientific theory by giving a biased account of it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8167, "premise": "From the perspective of social governance, the occupation of fire passageways is prohibited for many times but still occurs, in addition to such factors as the lack of concept of public safety, lack of awe of life and law of the lawbreaker, inadequate supervision and so on, there are also deep-seated reasons for the difficulty of parking.With the continuous rise of car ownership in China, some residential areas are facing the problem of shortage of parking spaces. This is also the fundamental reason why some places occupy the fire passage repeatedly, and the governance measures can be managed for a while, but can not be managed for a long time. In this regard, to maintain the smooth flow of fire access and effectively solve the parking problem, we should not only manage to prevent, but also guide, which tests the effectiveness and accuracy of grass-roots social governance.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'To explore the deep-seated causes of parking difficulties' is most likely to be discussed in this passage next.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13550, "premise": "Psychologist: Doctors should never prescribe sedatives for people with insomnia. Most cases of insomnia that psychologists treat are known to be caused by psychological stress. This suggests that insomniacs do not need drugs that alter their biochemistry, but rather need psychotherapy to help them alleviate the stress causing their insomnia.", "hypothesis": "It fails to consider the possibility that sedatives are the only treatment known to be effective for cases of insomnia not caused by stress does not describe a flaw in the psychologist's reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11063, "premise": "Reducing stress lessens a person' s sensitivity to pain. This is the conclusion reached by researchers who played extended audiotapes to patients before they underwent surgery and afterward while they were recovering. One tape consisted of conversation; the other consisted of music. Those who listened only to the latter tape required less anesthesia during surgery and fewer painkillers afterward than those who listened only to the former tape.", "hypothesis": "The psychological effects of music are not changed by anesthesia or painkillers is an assumption on which the researchers' reasoning depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6936, "premise": "The duty of the media is to promote the main theme of society and actively promote events that are in harmony with social development and civilization progress, rather than blindly fiddling with some online celebrities. Stars' tidbits are needlessly hyped. For the media, it is most important to adhere to professional ethics and spiritual home.", "hypothesis": "The passage reflects that it is necessary for some media to wake up and clarify their responsibilities.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14328, "premise": "Travaillier Corporation has recently hired employees with experience in the bus tour industry, and its executives have also been negotiating with charter bus companies that subcontract with bus tour companies. But Travaillier has traditionally focused on serving consumers who travel primarily by air, and marketing surveys show that Travaillier' s traditional consumers have not changed their vacation preferences. Ttherefore, Travaillier must be attempting to enlarge its consumer base by attracting new customers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'At least one of Travaillier's new employees not only has experience in the bus tour industry but has also designed air travel vacation packages' would most weaken the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11128, "premise": "Coherent solutions for the problem of reducing health-care costs cannot be found within the current piecemeal system of paying these costs. The reason is that this system gives health-care providers and insurers every incentive to shift, wherever possible, the costs of treating illness onto each other or any other party, including the patient. That clearly is the lesson of the various reforms of the 1980s: push in on one part of this pliable spending balloon and an equally expensive bulge pops up elsewhere. For example, when the government health-care insurance program for the poor cut costs by disallowing payments for some visits to physicians, patients with advanced illness later presented themselves at hospital emergency rooms in increased numbers.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by employing an analogy to characterize interrelationships.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 264, "premise": "A, B, and C sell their products. Among the three products, one is counterfeit, and the other two are genuine. A said: My product is genuine, and B's product is counterfeit; B said: My product is genuine, and C's product is counterfeit; C said: B's product is genuine, A's product is counterfeit. It is known that one of A, B, and C told all turth, one half turth, half lie, and the other told all lies", "hypothesis": "The correct answer to the question of who sells counterfeit goods is not known.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9900, "premise": "The results of experiments that some volunteers took part in to assess the sweetness of drinks showed that those who regularly drank sugary drinks and were fatter rated the sweetness of the same drink lower than those of normal size. This shows that their taste buds are less sensitive to sweetness. The results also show that people who are fatter tend to choose sweeter foods subconsciously. This suggests that eating too much sugar may form a vicious circle, that is, eating sugar regularly will lead to a decrease in the sensitivity of taste buds to sweetness, and a decrease in satisfaction caused by eating the same amount of sugar, which will subconsciously ask for more sugar. The result is that eating too much sugar leads to obesity.", "hypothesis": "People who like sweets often can't resist the temptation of sweetness does not support the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8943, "premise": "A Beijing newspaper, entitled 15% of fathers raise children for others, released statistics from a judicial material evidence appraisal center in Beijing: of the nearly 600 people who conducted paternity tests in Beijing within a year, 15% of the test results excluded paternity.", "hypothesis": "The cost of paternity testing is too high does not question the reliability of statistical inference.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8494, "premise": "Affected by the film and television capital Winter and policy tightening, the overall size of the original series shrank in 2019. Film and television data show that the overall number of shows dropped by 6% in 2019, from 452 to 377, but the average score of the top 30 shows rose from 5.96 in 2018 to 6.51 in 2019, according to an authoritative film and television website. To a certain extent, this shows that after the number of episodes has been greatly reduced, the top boutique dramas have not been greatly affected, and the market has eliminated a number of non-boutique dramas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'From 2018 to 2019, the grading process and standards of this authoritative film and television website are consistent' will best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5259, "premise": "Flexible leadership refers to the leadership behavior that relies on the leader's non-power influence and adopts the way of non-compulsory command to produce a potential persuasion in people's minds to make them obey and identify consciously, so as to turn the will of the organization into people's conscious action.", "hypothesis": "The senior teacher, Mr. Zhang, is very convincing is a flexible leader according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 835, "premise": "Career development refers to the process of promoting qualified employees within the organization from a lower-level position to a higher-level position when some of the more important positions in the organization need to recruit personnel.", "hypothesis": "The option of promoting an accountant in the department does not belong to career development.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10680, "premise": "A major health insurance company in Lagolia pays for special procedures prescribed by physicians only if the procedure is first approved as medically necessary by a company-appointed review panel. The rule is intended to save the company the money it might otherwise spend on medically unnecessary procedures. The company has recently announced that in order to reduce its costs, it will abandon this rule.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The review process is expensive and practically always results in approval of the prescribed procedure' provides the strongest justification for the company's decision.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7015, "premise": "The development of the Internet of things, an emerging industry, is strong. In only a few years, the industrial scale of the Internet of things has shown a compound growth rate of more than 30% a year. Intellectual property rights such as patents provide strong support for the rapid rise of this sunrise industry. It is predicted that in the next few years, the global Internet of things market will grow rapidly. China's Internet of things market will reach 750 billion yuan in 2015, and the market prospect will far exceed the computer, Internet, mobile communications and other markets. From the current situation of patent applications in China, the number of core technology patents and international patent applications submitted through the Patent Cooperation Treaty is obviously insufficient. Therefore, industry experts point out that it is necessary to accelerate the patent layout of the Internet of things industry in China.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The development of Internet of things industry in China needs the support of independent intellectual property rights' does not match the meaning of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12355, "premise": "Geologists recently discovered marks that closely resemble worm tracks in a piece of sandstone. These marks were made more than half a billion years earlier than the earliest known traces of multicellular animal life. Ttherefore, the marks are probably the traces of geological processes rather than of worms.", "hypothesis": "At the place where the sandstone was found, the only geological processes that are likely to mark sandstone in ways that resemble worm tracks could not have occurred at the time the marks were made, which most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8710, "premise": "Chili peppers relieve indigestion. People who suffer from indigestion after a spicy meal may be shocked and can't believe it. However, this is the conclusion drawn by Italian experts through experiments. They gave the subjects with indigestion a pill containing chili ingredients before meals, and after five weeks, 60% of the subjects' discomfort symptoms were relieved.", "hypothesis": "If true, after paying attention to a healthy diet, people with dyspepsia usually relieve their discomfort within a month can best refute the above experimental conclusions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4224, "premise": "The crime of intentional damage to property refers to a natural person who has reached the age of criminal responsibility and has the capacity of criminal responsibility. Intentionally damaging or damaging public or private property, a large amount of money or other serious circumstances. The purpose of the crime is only to damage public and private property, not to have the purpose of illegal possession.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Wang's over-renovation of his new house has led to cracks in residential buildings is the crime of wilful damage to property.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7144, "premise": "A community of shared destiny for mankind means taking into account the reasonable concerns of other countries in the pursuit of national interests and promoting the common development of all countries in the pursuit of national development. Mankind has only one earth and all countries live in one world. We should advocate the consciousness of a community of shared human destiny.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The community of shared destiny for mankind has not transcended the differences of social systems, ideology and values' is not in line with the concept of a community of shared destiny for mankind according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8137, "premise": "Recently, researchers have found that fever can promote the transfer of lymphocytes to the infected site. This is because fever increases the expression of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) in T lymphocytes, which binds to integrins and promotes T lymphocytes to adhere to blood vessels and eventually accelerate migration to the site of infection, they explained.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'When Hsp90 binds to integrin, it can activate the signal pathway that promotes T lymphocyte migration' does not support the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1226, "premise": "Tao Xingzhi once told Cheng you have watt under your whip, Newton in your cold eyes, Edison in your ridicule. A cold look, a mean word, and an unfair treatment may affect a child's life. If there is no benevolence, tireless patience, and public interest in teaching. Then such education has no temperature. Just as some people in the educational circles cry out, many teachers do not lack knowledge, methods, love and sense of responsibility. Today's education needs to return to people themselves and concern people's growth more than ever before.", "hypothesis": "The main problem in current education, according to the author, is lack of fairness.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11380, "premise": "Paleontologist: It is widely, but falsely, held that life began in the ocean and did not exist on land until half a billion years ago. Traces of carbon 14 have been found throughout certain 1. 2-billion-year-old rock in North America. Carbon 14 is extracted by plants and microbes from the atmosphere to fuel their chemical reactions, and is then released when the plants and microbes die.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The 1.2-billion-year-old rocks were formed from soil containing very small amounts of carbon 14 that entered the soil directly from the atmosphere\" does not provide additional support for the paleontologist's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9130, "premise": "A netizen: few people will support proposals that harm their interests. However, according to the Beijing Times,during the 17-day of the I offer suggestions for Public Transport Price Reform campaign, most of the tens of thousands of people who participated in the event were in favor of raising the fares of subway and bus. Let everyone pay more and like it, the result must be fake.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some people who commute by subway and bus think that raising fares can relieve congestion during rush hours' cannot question the netizen's judgment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5650, "premise": "Relative Deprivation refers to a kind of psychological state produced by the inconsistent cognition of value expectation and value ability when people compare with those who are close to their own status and not completely equal to themselves.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Zhang often completes all kinds of work excellently. Others in the project team think Xiao Zhang just likes to show himself is Relative Deprivation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3827, "premise": "The formation of technological innovation capability is a process and requires a certain environment. If people consciously and wisely shape an environment conducive to technological innovation, they can stimulate the social potential of technological innovation and reduce the time course from technological innovation to industrial application.", "hypothesis": "The environment determines the process of technological innovation is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5896, "premise": "The Interpol team needs to strengthen the anti-drug team. Regarding who in the team will participate in the team, the following opinions have been agreed: (1) If A participates, then B will also participate; (2) If C does not participate, then D will participate; (3) If A does not participate and C participates, then Captain E will participate; (4) Captain E and Deputy Captain B cannot both participate; (5) The superior decides that the deputy captain will participate.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above comments, A, B, D have participated is completely correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5725, "premise": "Object teaching refers to a teaching method that uses teaching aids as sensory transmitters to show students relevant content in order to improve learning efficiency or effect. Object teaching includes material object, demonstration and analogue image. Material object is through direct perception of actual things;  demonstration is directly perceived through the simulated image of practice; analogue image is carried out through the perception of the material form of language (phonetic, glyph) and the understanding of semantics under the action of visualized language.", "hypothesis": "In the art appreciation class, slides are used to show students the classic works of Western oil painting does not belong to the above three types of object teaching according to the definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4511, "premise": "A certain unit organizes employees to perform physical examinations and employees can sign up voluntarily.Lao Wang met a newcomer Xiao Li and talked about it. Lao Wang reminded Xiao Li: The unit organizes a physical examination. Hurry up and sign up. Xiao Li said : I am in good health and I don't need to report it.", "hypothesis": "If you are not in good health, you should register for a physical examination can be used as a hypothesis in Xiao Li's answer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6984, "premise": "Parents, students and employers do not have the right to participate in the management of colleges and universities, but they have the right to be accountable for the social responsibility of colleges and universities. Higher education is popular and university funding sources are diversified. As a result, parents, students and employers have become stakeholders in colleges and universities. For parents and students, their accountability for the responsibility of colleges and universities depends more on whether students can get good learning experience and learning experience, whether the school can train graduates who meet the needs of society, and can be aimed at the needs of enterprises and society,conduct applied research that directly puts into production and increases efficiency.", "hypothesis": "The development of colleges and universities should take into account the interests of parents, students, and employers is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8874, "premise": "The virtuous circle of economy means that it does not rely too much on government investment, but relies on its own strength to achieve the basic balance between total social supply and total social demand, and to achieve economic growth. In recent years, the reason why there has been a trend of stable economic growth in China is due to the increase of government investment.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, China's economic growth rate has been maintained at more than 7% can be best supported.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14274, "premise": "Salmonella is a food-borne microorganism that can cause intestinal illness. The illness is sometimes fatal, especially if not identified quickly and treated. Conventional Salmonella tests on food samples are slow and can miss unusual strains of the microorganism. A new test identifies the presence or absence of Salmonella by the one piece of genetic material common to all strains. Clearly, public health officials would be well advised to replace the previous Salmonella tests with the new test.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The new test returns results very soon after food samples are submitted for testing' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2915, "premise": "On a clear night, we can see a sky full of stars, some of which are their own glowing stars, and some of which are planets that don't glow but reflect light from nearby stars. Stars may be distant, but some can be seen by existing optical telescopes. Unlike stars, most extrasolar planets cannot be seen with existing optical telescopes because they emit no light and are much smaller than stars.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Extrasolar planets are so far away that they rarely reflect light from their stars back to Earth' best explains this phenomenon if true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6563, "premise": "With the increasing prominence of global energy, environment, climate change and other issues, space solar energy has aroused the interest of the United States and other countries.In the long run, space solar energy can not only reduce human dependence on limited fossil energy, but also a way to replace the large-scale diffusion of nuclear energy and space solar energy can also bring a new era of space utilization and exploration.", "hypothesis": "The development and utilization of space solar energy is of great significance according to the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1276, "premise": "The Internet is of great significance to solve the problems of lack of high-quality medical services, insufficient total resources of doctors, uneven distribution, great differences in ability among doctors and so on. On the one hand, the Internet medical platform provides doctors with mobile application software that allows them to provide services to patients in their spare time and spare time; on the other hand, the Internet medical platform also establishes a patient payment mechanism, which makes doctors get a reasonable return for their efforts, stimulate doctors' motivation, and make them willing to contribute their private time to society.", "hypothesis": "The advantage of the Internet medical platform that is not mentioned in this paragraph is making effective use of doctor's time.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14398, "premise": "No occupation should be subject to a licensing requirement unless incompetence in the performance of tasks normally carried out within that occupation poses a plausible threat to human health or safety.", "hypothesis": "The principle stated above most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument that hair stylists should be subject to a licensing requirement because they regularly use substances that can pose a threat to human health if handled improperly.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10789, "premise": "The similarity between ichthyosaurs and fish is an example of convergence, a process by which different classes of organisms adapt to the same environment by independently developing one or more similar external body features. Ichthyosaurs were marine reptiles and thus do not belong to the same class of organisms as fish. However, ichthyosaurs adapted to their marine environment by converging on external body features similar to those of fish. Most strikingly, ichthyosaurs, like fish, had fins.", "hypothesis": "The inference that can be properly drawn on the basis of the statements above is that the members of a single class of organisms must exhibit one or more similar external body features that differentiate that class from all other classes of organisms.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2014, "premise": "Experiments have shown that plants contain a light-sensing protein that can distinguish the intensity of light. This ability is likely to enable plants to see wavelengths that cannot be seen by human vision and have high sensitivity. Plants can feel the direction in which the light is shining. Light makes plants know when to wake up in the morning and can also promote the extra secretion of two colorless pigments, quercetin and clenbuterol, which can filter intense sunlight and give full play to the role of sunscreen, thus protecting plants from the intense exposure of ultraviolet rays.", "hypothesis": "The importance of perceiving sunlight to plant growth is mainly introduced in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5405, "premise": "Many medical experts have suggested that excessive coffee drinking is harmful to health. In order to verify the impact of excessive coffee drinking on the heart, researchers selected two groups of subjects. The first group of subjects drank five or more cups of coffee a day, and the second group of subjects never drank coffee. After a period of time, it was found that the proportion of heart disease in the first group of subjects was significantly higher than that in the second group. Therefore, The researchers concluded that drinking too much coffee increased the risk of heart disease.", "hypothesis": "During the study period, the daily amount of exercise of the first group of subjects was much less than that of the second group of subjects, if true, questions the above argument most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8181, "premise": "Xiao Quesang is a popular word on the Internet, which refers to small and definite depression, a small worry that continues to occur in daily life but cannot get rid of. Some experts have proposed that in the face of Xiao Quesang, people should not accept or endure it helplessly, but should make efforts to turn it into Xiao Quexing. Xiao Quexing is the tiny and real sense of luck and happiness that happens to happen in one's own life that people vaguely expect in their hearts.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Li doesn't like to clean his home, and he feels headache and helplessness at the thought of going back to the messy rental house after work every day belongs to Xiaoquexing according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9596, "premise": "Youth A, B, C, D and E from a village applied for employment in a housing maintenance company. According to their respective expertise, five of them were employed as welders, bricklayers, electricians, carpenters and plumbers. It is known that each of them does only one type of work, and one of their five people does each type of work, and it is also known that: (1) if A works as a welder, C works as a carpenter; (2) if one of B and D works as a plumber, then A works as a welder; (3) C or works as a bricklayer, or an electrician.", "hypothesis": "A works as a plumber can be inferred if E works as a bricklayer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4501, "premise": "House economy, also called idler economy, refers to the phenomenon that people allocate holiday time to family life and reduce consumption and bring business opportunities.", "hypothesis": "During the National Day holiday, a courier company's orders fell sharply because many people went to travel is considered as house economy according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14869, "premise": "When species are extensively hunted, individuals that reach reproductive maturity early make up a larger proportion of the population, because they have a better chance of reproducing. When species face diminished food resources, on the other hand, individuals tend to take longer to reach reproductive maturity. These considerations may help settle whether the primary cause of the gradual disappearance of North America' s mastodons, prehistoric animals related to elephants, was diminished food resources or human hunting, since __.", "hypothesis": "The average age at which mastodons reached reproductive maturity can be established from mastodon tusks, of which there are many fossils dating from different periods.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10231, "premise": "In today's economic globalization, western cultural classics and traditions are still surviving and continuing. In the United States, the president is sworn in according to the Bible, and pupils recite the oath of a nation under the protection of God every week. In China, primary school students no longer study the classics, and there are no people to take the oath of office according to the Analects of Confucius. China has become a country that has almost lost all its cultural classics and traditions.", "hypothesis": "The cultural classics and traditions of a country and a nation play an irreplaceable role in science is the hypothesis on which the above argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12978, "premise": "Fragments of charred antelope bone have recently been found at a million-year-old settlement of Homo erectus, an early human species. This discovery demonstrates that humans were making controlled use of fire to cook meat at a very early stage of their development.", "hypothesis": "The assumption made by the argument above is that the antelope bones were charred in a fire controlled by humans.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14246, "premise": "Although it has been suggested that Arton' s plays have a strong patriotic flavor, we must recall that, at the time of their composition, her country was in anything but a patriotic mood. Unemployment was high, food was costly, and crime rates were soaring. As a result, the general morale of her nation was at an especially low point. Realizing this, we see clearly that any apparent patriotism in Arton' s work must have been intended ironically.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above is questionable because it takes for granted that Arton was attuned to the predominant national attitude of her time.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10861, "premise": "Twenty years ago, Balzania put in place regulations requiring operators of surface mines to pay for the reclamation of mined-out land. Since then, reclamation technology has not improved. Yet, the average reclamation cost for a surface coal mine being reclaimed today is only four dollars per ton of coal that the mine produced, less than half what it cost to reclaim surface mines in the years immediately after the regulations took effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Even after Balzania began requiring surface mine operators to pay reclamation costs, surface mines continued to produce coal at a lower total cost than underground mines' most helps to account for the drop in reclamation costs described.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6509, "premise": "In the current society, the fierce competition between people is inevitable, but because of the heavy trade-offs and consequences, many people do not hesitate to violate the ethics and rules and order of public morality. In the end, it is not only difficult to take advantage, but sometimes do harm to themselves. As the system becomes more and more sound, the act of overstepping the rules with too much gain and loss can only lift a stone and drop it on one's own feet. For example, athletes train hard every day to win medals in the competition. When the game they have been waiting for for a long time comes, some athletes will be very nervous, even intentionally or unintentionally to do some illegal things.", "hypothesis": "The intended explanation in this paragraph is that you can't do anything illegal because you put too much emphasis on gains and losses.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13807, "premise": "Novelists cannot become great as long as they remain in academia. Powers of observation and analysis, which schools successfully hone, are useful to the novelist, but an intuitive grasp of the emotions of everyday life can be obtained only by the kind of immersion in everyday life that is precluded by being an academic.", "hypothesis": "No great novelist lacks powers of observation and analysis is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10653, "premise": "A large survey of scientists found that almost all accept Wang' s Law, and almost all know the results of the Brown-Eisler Experiment. But those results together with Wang' s Law contradict the Minsk Hypothesis. Ttherefore, most of the scientists surveyed reject the Minsk Hypothesis.", "hypothesis": "The argument requires assuming that almost all of the scientists surveyed are familiar with the way in which the results of the Brown-Eisler Experiment were obtained.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8080, "premise": "Statistics are divided into qualitative data and quantitative data. Qualitative data includes categorical and ordinal data. Categorical data refers to non-numeric data that can only be assigned to a certain category, which is the result of classifying things and expressed in words; sequential data refers to non-numeric data that can be assigned to an ordered category. Quantitative data are data that represent specific numerical observations. \u2460Cities can be divided into megacities, large cities, medium cities and small cities according to the size of the city; \u2461Marital status: 1-unmarried, 2-married, 3-divorced, 4-widowed; \u2462The distance from place A to place B is 200 kilometers, 320 kilometers to C and 100 kilometers to D; \u2463 A hospital has a construction area of 50,000 square meters, 3,182 open beds and 687 clinicians.", "hypothesis": "Only \u2461 is classified data, based on the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10792, "premise": "The TJ-700 and the Beta Turbomax are two models of cars of different manufacturers. These two models have almost identical specifications and features, and they sell for almost the same price. Both were introduced on the market five years ago, and each year, the respective manufacturers spend about the same amount in advertising. In the past five year, the total number of TJ-700' s sold is about 80% greater than the total number of Beta Turbomax' s sold. Clearly, the advertising firm that created TJ-700 ads created much more effective ads than the firm that created Beta Turbomax ads.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, it would be most useful to know whether buyers of the TJ-700 and the Beta Turbomax reported being familiar with the ads of these cars.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4310, "premise": "Loss of inheritance rights refers to the heir's disqualification of inheritance due to certain crimes or other illegal acts against the decedent or other heirs.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, poisoning and assassinating one's stepfather will not lead to the loss of inheritance rights.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6846, "premise": "Philosophy is not just a spiritual treasure for people to appreciate, nor is it a thought game for people to pass the time. The values of philosophers are ultimately influenced by the most fundamental problem of survival faced by human beings. If philosophy leaves the era that adapts to it, it will be homeless; and if an era leaves the philosophy that adapts to it, it will have no soul. Therefore, although the study of the history of philosophy is very important, it is always the unavoidable social responsibility of philosophy to find the spiritual home of the times, that is, to find the core values of the times. The study of philosophy lags behind the development of the times, which will affect the development of the whole social science and all spiritual culture, as well as the reasonable development of human practice.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that the main purpose of philosophy is to find the core value of the times.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6390, "premise": "The so-called overall understanding and grasp is to take into account the overall situation and the relationship between the overall situation and its various parts.", "hypothesis": "The overall understanding and grasp means to consider the whole and the relationship between the whole and its parts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13240, "premise": "Ecologists predict that the incidence of malaria will increase if global warming continues or if the use of pesticides is not expanded. But the use of pesticides is known to contribute to global warming, so it is inevitable that we will see an increase in malaria in the years to come.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to the statement \"If interest rates increase or demand for consumer goods does not decline, inflation will rise. But if there is a decline in the demand for consumer goods, that will lead to higher interest rates. Therefore, inflation will rise.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14966, "premise": "Editorialist: In all cultures, it is almost universally accepted that one has a moral duty to prevent members of one' s family from being harmed. Thus, few would deny that if a person is known by the person' s parents to be falsely accused of a crime, it would be morally right for the parents to hide the accused from the police. Hence, it is also likely to be widely accepted that it is sometimes morally right to obstruct the police in their work.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the editorialist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to consider the possibility that other moral principles would be widely recognized as overriding any obligation to protect a family member from harm.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11393, "premise": "A study of kindergarten students has shown that children from households that own many books, an average of 54 books, show average or high reading achievement levels, while the households of children with lower reading achievement levels tend to own fewer books, 5 books on average.", "hypothesis": "The additional information that many of the books in the homes of the high achieving readers from the study were advanced science textbooks that were stored out of reach of the children would strengthen the assertion that parents who don't buy children's books to keep in the home cause their children to fall behind their peers in reading skills.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4289, "premise": "Circular economy is an ecological economy. It requires the use of ecological laws instead of mechanistic laws to guide the economic activities of human society. It is an economic form of low mining, low emissions and high utilization.", "hypothesis": "Changing a reserve economy into a growth economy is not a circular economy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5949, "premise": "Many elderly Beijings have never forgotten the unique skills they saw at temple fairs when they were young. Today, these unique skills have more formal names-folk art. However, as the modernization of society accelerates, Chinese folk culture is facing unprecedented crisis. The survival crisis of the city, the continuous change of the urban environment, the rapid diversion and transfer of people's interests and hobbies, and the gradual loss of folk art talents, all of which make the development of folk art face difficulties.", "hypothesis": "Folk culture needs rescue protection can be derived from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 651, "premise": "Positive social deviance refers to deviant behaviors that members of society deviate from or violate existing social norms and play a positive and progressive role in social development.", "hypothesis": "A hippie who opposes cultural goals and the means of achieving them, but cannot change them, and then becomes passive belongs to positive social deviance.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1883, "premise": "Among the thousands of World Heritage sites, there are more than 30 rock painting sites. At present, rock paintings have been found in more than 150 countries and regions on five continents in the world. According to textual research, these images left in caves on the rocks have a history of at least 30,000 to 40,000 years. From today's point of view, they are more like children's works, emitting all the romantic observations and thoughts of human beings in childhood, and they are the most authentic writing of human beings before there are no words. China is one of the regions with the richest rock painting relics in the world, but it has not become a World Heritage site before. Zuojiang Huashan Rock painting Cultural Landscape makes up for this deficiency.", "hypothesis": "The author's intention is that Zuojiang Huashan Rock Painting Cultural Landscape is China's first rock painting world Heritage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9326, "premise": "The paddy field is not only a rice planting area, but also a farm where the rice is perfumed and the fish is fat and shrimp is strong. Traditional dwarf rice is densely planted because of the pursuit of maximum yield. In addition, the plant stalk is short and the space in the paddy field is narrow, resulting in poor air circulation and reduced effective oxygen content in the water. The high-stalk rice has a tall plant type, luxuriant leaves and a high canopy, and the plant spacing is relatively sparse, which can provide a good habitat for rice field animals such as frogs, fish and loach, and has the advantage of being suitable for the combination of planting and breeding. The problem of insufficient air convection and insufficient space above the paddy field caused by too dense plants. Compared with the current common paddy field comprehensive planting and breeding model, the economic benefits of this model are significantly improved, which will greatly enhance the enthusiasm of farmers for planting.", "hypothesis": "This passage is intended to illustrate the cultivation of high stalk rice.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1025, "premise": "Altruistic punishment means that people sacrifice their own interests to punish those who violate social norms. Third party punishment is a kind of altruistic punishment. Although the third party is not directly harmed by the violation, it is willing to pay the price to punish those who violate social norms.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Do boldly what is righteous is third party punishment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9793, "premise": "The orange-bellied prairie vole practices monogamy, which is extremely rare in the animal world. The researchers first examined the communication between the medial prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens in female voles (the two regions are anatomically connected, and the nucleus accumbens plays a key role in the brain's reward system). The female voles were then asked to meet with male voles, and the intensity of communication between the two brain regions was continuously measured during the meeting. They found that voles with higher levels of communication in their brain regions were more likely to quickly establish intimate relationships with their partners. As a result, they believe that the activation of the loop between the two brain regions can directly affect the production of animal love.", "hypothesis": "The researchers asked male and female voles to get close but not in direct contact, giving specific wavelengths of light to activate this neural pathway. The next day, female voles were more likely to be intimate with the male voles they had seen yesterday than to face strange male voles can best support the views of the above researchers.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7161, "premise": "A university has introduced a group of young teachers, some of whom have doctoral degrees. The physics teachers who have obtained doctoral degrees have more than three years of teaching experience. Some female teachers also have more than three years of teaching experience. All female teachers have been married.", "hypothesis": "According to the above words, it must be correct that there may be male teachers who are not married.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1031, "premise": "In people's impression, bio-fuel is a renewable green energy. The latest research results overturn people's traditional impression. Researchers found that bio-fuel may be converted into acetaldehyde due to incomplete combustion, which will pollute the air. This pollution will lead to 1400 early deaths in country M every year. Therefore, some medical institution personnel in country M believe that the promotion of bio-fuels should be suspended and its use should be limited at this stage.", "hypothesis": "At present, the country's scientists have developed a new technology to fully burn biofuels would most effectively question the views of medical institution personnel.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10810, "premise": "Using new detection techniques, researchers have found trace amounts of various medicinal substances in lakes and rivers. Taken in large quantities, these substances could have serious health effects, but they are present in quantities far too low to cause any physiological response in people who drink the water or bathe in it. Nevertheless, medical experts contend that eliminating these trace amounts from the water will have public health benefits, since __.", "hypothesis": "Some of the medicinal substances found in lakes and rivers can counteract possible harmful effects of other such substances found there most logically completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13585, "premise": "Two years ago, the government of Runagia increased by 20 percent the government-provided pensions paid to Runagians over 65. The aim of the increase was to stimulate the economy in the rural regions of the country, where most pension recipients live. Statistics, however, show that there has been no increase in economic activity in those regions since then, but that there has been noticeably more spending in the urban areas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'City-dwellers in Runagia rarely travel to rural regions of the country' most helps to explain why the increase resulted in the unintended state of affairs described.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4053, "premise": "The statistics department pointed out that although the educational burden of rural families has been greatly reduced with the popularization of rural compulsory education, with the change of Contemporary Farmers' concept, their understanding and consumption level of education have been continuously improved. It is expected that the proportion of education expenditure in the total expenditure of rural families will be further improved in the future.", "hypothesis": "Contemporary farmers are willing to pay more for their children to enjoy high-quality education supports the above view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10727, "premise": "Studies suggest that, for the vast majority of people who have normal blood pressure, any amount of sodium greater than that required by the body is simply excreted and does not significantly raise blood pressure. So only persons who have high blood pressure and whose bodies are incapable of safely processing excess sodium need to restrict their sodium intake.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that 'excess sodium intake over time often destroys the body's ability to process excess sodium' would most seriously weaken the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4948, "premise": "In order to expand the sales revenue of its online store, a company has adopted various advertising and promotion methods, but the effect is not obvious. The company has hired a lot of professionals to conduct market analysis, and professionals believe that the population who has opened online banking This is the real potential customer base of online stores. So the company decided to cooperate with commercial banks to carry out publicity and promotion activities among the newly opened online banking business. But after a month, the effect was not satisfactory.", "hypothesis": "The statement that 'Recently, there have been frequent cases of online banking users being stolen, which has reduced the number of people who have opened online banking' is true and can best explains the above result.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4584, "premise": "The one-third effect means that when human beings make decisions and choices, when there are 3 or more options, they will make wrong judgments due to the limitations of traditional thinking. The limitation of thinking is that when people face many equal probabilities,Although you know that the chances of each choice are the same, you will always resist the first and last options psychologically, so you usually make a choice on one of the middle options.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang choosing the last option for all the multiple choice questions in the English exam belongs to the one-third effect according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9708, "premise": "At present, the problem of relative poverty in some areas is due to the lack of information and resources. In the modern information society, people who have more information and resources can get more opportunities to get rich; on the contrary, some people who lack information and resources will be gradually divided into relatively poor people. In view of the root causes and main characteristics of relative poverty, while further increasing policy support and capital investment, and speeding up infrastructure construction, we will form the support and guarantee of multi-level resources to solve relative poverty, such as industrial poverty alleviation, financial poverty alleviation, technological poverty alleviation, information poverty alleviation, education poverty alleviation, employment poverty alleviation, cultural poverty alleviation, disaster reduction poverty alleviation, medical poverty alleviation, and so on.", "hypothesis": "The intended description of the passage is that information and resources are the main factors leading to relative poverty.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10568, "premise": "A committee works for two years and is composed of 4 members each year, 2 of which are from the following 4 judges: F, G, H and I, and the other 2 members are from the following 3 scientists: V, Y and Z. Each year, the committee is chaired by one member. A member who chairs the first year must retire from the committee during the second year. The person who chairs the second year must be a member of the committee during the first year. The committee members must meet the following conditions: G and V cannot be members of the committee in the same year. H and Y cannot be members of this committee in the same year. Each year, only one of I and V is a member of this committee.", "hypothesis": "If H is the chairman in the first year, I can be the chairman in the second year.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12491, "premise": "All parrots can learn to speak a few words and phrases. Not all parrots have equally pleasant dispositions, though some of those native to Australia can be counted on for a sweet temper. Almost any parrot, however, will show tremendous affection for an owner who raised the bird from a chick by hand-feeding it.", "hypothesis": "If the statements above are true, then the sweetest-tempered parrots must be those native to Australia.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8680, "premise": "People often use microwave ovens to heat food. Some people think that heating in a microwave oven changes the molecular structure of food and produces molecules that the human body cannot recognize. These strange formulas are unacceptable to the human body, and some are toxic and may even cause cancer. Therefore, people or animals who often eat microwave food will have serious physiological changes in their bodies, resulting in serious health problems.", "hypothesis": "Microwave only heats the water molecules in food, and there is no chemical change in food best questions the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7825, "premise": "Stereotype refers to a society for a certain kind of things to produce a more fixed view, but also a general and general view.", "hypothesis": "In people's minds, mothers are a great image. They are loving, gentle, virtuous and do their best for the family does not have a stereotype.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9735, "premise": "The level of governance of a city is often measured not by how many high-rise buildings it has built, but also by how much dignity the vulnerable groups have and whether their lives can be basically guaranteed. This is usually the case, and the same is true during the prevention and control of the epidemic. The task of prevention and control is arduous, and it is not easy to take care of all aspects and every group. But the more under these conditions, the more we should pay attention to the people who need the most attention: the more the public's life is pressed the pause button, the more we should pay attention to those who do not have a sustainable life, and provide them with warmth and confidence.", "hypothesis": "Through this passage, the author intends to emphasize that more attention should be paid to the vulnerable groups in the society during the prevention and control of the epidemic.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7646, "premise": "Parallel bidding refers to the competition between different manufacturers to provide different products to meet the same demand.", "hypothesis": "Parallel bidding is when Xiao Li is deciding between traveling abroad, buying a laptop and buying gold jewelry after getting more than 10,000 yuan year-end bonus.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1068, "premise": "Recently, the images taken by the Mars rover in the Galle crater found that there were soil samples similar to the earth's soil crack profile in the ancient soil in the Martian crater. Usually, such soil exists in the Antarctic Dry Valley and the Atacama Desert in Chile, suggesting that there may be life on Mars in ancient times.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'These ancient Martian soil samples only show that Mars may have been warm and humid in the early days, when the environment was more livable than today' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9307, "premise": "Compared with international oil prices, domestic oil prices have always been rising fast and falling slowly, one of the reasons is that China's refined oil price adjustment is based on the boundary condition that crude oil prices in the three regions change more than 4%. For example, when we went from $100 a barrel to $104, we followed suit. However, a 4% pullback from $104 would take the price back down to $99,.84.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The above argument fails to show that the higher the oil price, the slower the domestic response, with 4% as the boundary condition' best points out the flaws in the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10987, "premise": "Political strategist: Clearly, attacking an opposing candidate on philosophical grounds is generally more effective than attacking the details of the opponent' s policy proposals. A philosophical attack links an opponent' s policy proposals to an overarching ideological scheme, thereby telling a story and providing context. This makes the attack emotionally compelling.", "hypothesis": "Voters being uninterested in the details of candidates' policy proposals is an assumption required by the political strategist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5669, "premise": "There are two motivations for help seeking: executive help seeking and instrumental help seeking. The former is that they don't make any attempt or effort, just want to know the answer or let others complete the task on their behalf; The latter is to use the power of others to solve problems or achieve goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, consulting the electronic dictionary to master the pronunciation and meaning of new words every time Xiao Wen reads an English article and encounters a new word belongs to instrumental help seeking.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5436, "premise": "Opportunity cost refers to the income that can be generated when people give up for other purposes when they fix a resource for a certain purpose.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Zhao inspecting whether a project could be invested, spending 40,000 yuan and giving up the investment is not an opportunity cost.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2337, "premise": "Virtual museums are interested in the 90s of the last century. Compared with physical museums, virtual museums can display all the collections. The audience does not need to keep a distance from the collections. You can see the works from different directions with a single click of the mouse, and realize human-computer interaction. Many people worry that physical museums will gradually promote the charm. But the fact is that through the influence of digitalization, people learn about the original works, and they want to enter the physical museum to contact them.", "hypothesis": "The emphasis of this text is that museum virtualization can greatly realize the function of art education.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 517, "premise": "Element refers to more than 100 basic metallic and non-metallic substances in nature. They are composed of one atom. Each nucleus in its atom has the same number of protons, which cannot be decomposed by general chemical methods, and can form all substances. Atom is an inseparable basic particle in chemical reaction. Atom is inseparable in chemical reaction, but in physical state, it is composed of atomic nucleus and electrons moving around the nucleus. Molecules are composed of atoms. It is the name of a basic particle that constitutes matter. It is a particle that exists alone and maintains the smallest chemical properties.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a carbon monoxide molecule (CO) consists of an oxygen element and a carbon element.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11483, "premise": "FastMart, a convenience store chain, is planning to add pancake syrup to the items it sells. FastMart stores do not have shelf space to stock more than one variety of syrup. Surveys of FastMart customers indicate that one-fourth of them prefer low-calorie syrup, while three-fourths prefer regular syrup. Since FastMart' s highest priority is to maximize sales, the obvious strategy for it is to stock regular syrup.", "hypothesis": "Sales of syrup are not expected to account for a large proportion of total dollar sales at the average FastMart store most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1613, "premise": "Human influenza virus mainly acts on the receptor subtype alpha 2.6 in the nose and throat, while H5N1 virus usually affects the receptor subtype alpha 2.3 in the lower respiratory tract. This difference determines that avian influenza virus is not easy to spread through salivary droplets. However, the latest gene sequencing results show that Turkish avian influenza virus is more likely to bind to receptor subtype alpha 2.6.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of this paragraph is increased infectivity of avian influenza virus.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1984, "premise": "From the perspective of population spatial layout, urbanization is the transfer of rural population to cities and towns and the transformation from farmers to citizens. The process of transformation from farmers to citizens is the modernization process of human quality. The modernization of human quality is inseparable from receiving modern education. The modernization of human education is the foundation and support of urbanization. Urbanization also means the transfer of employment and production from agriculture to industry and services. The modernization of human mode of production is not only the essential characteristic of urbanization, but also the essential embodiment of human modernization. The foundation of supporting the modernization of human mode of production is the popularization of modern vocational education.", "hypothesis": "The option 'Urbanization is the citizenization of the identity of farmers in cities' is intended to be emphasized in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6138, "premise": "Psychological science education is a systematic project, which requires the cooperation of all aspects. A certain district has carried out various kinds of special psychological science education activities. Sub-districts and communities are the main positions of psychological science education, and all sub-districts also list this work as the focus of community education. The District Party Committee Organization Department, District Human Resources and Social Security Department, District Education Department, District Women's Federation and other related units carried out targeted psychological science education based on actual conditions, which played a positive role in stabilizing the workforce.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable text title for this paragraph is \"Jointly promote psychological science education and form a good working atmosphere.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5926, "premise": "In the four rooms with room numbers one, two, three, and four on the same side, four experts from South Korea, France, Britain and Germany lived respectively. A reporter came to interview them,and the Korean said my room number is larger than the German,and I can't speak foreign languages,nor can I communicate with my neighbors.The French saidi can speak German,but I can't communicate with my neighbors.The British saidi can speak Korean,but I can only communicate with one of my neighbors.The German saidi can speak the languages of our four countries.", "hypothesis": "According to the order of the room number from smallest to largest, Germany, Britain, South Korea, France is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2402, "premise": "A, B, C, D and E travel on high-speed rail and they happen to be sitting in the same row of A.B.C.D.F seats. It is known that: (1) if one of A or B sits in seat C, C sits in seat B; (2) if E sits in seat C, D sits in seat F.", "hypothesis": "If D is sitting in seat B, then F is sitting in seat F can be determined.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3039, "premise": "On an island, there are three kinds of seabirds: puffins, eels and Arctic terns. Among them, eel is the main food for Arctic terns and puffins. In the decade from 1980 to 1990, the eel population dropped from 1 million to 500000. Strangely, in this decade, the number of puffins has dropped from 1 million to 600000, while the number of Arctic terns has dropped from 1 million to about 250000.", "hypothesis": "The difference in the proportion of decline between puffins and Arctic terns between 1980 and 1990 is explained by the fact that puffins eat less eels and eat stony fish or other fish instead, but Arctic terns do not do so.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11563, "premise": "Some scientists believe that the relationship between mice and humans has, over time, diminished the ability of mice to survive in nature, so that now they must depend upon human civilization for their continued existence. This opinion, however, ignores significant facts. Despite numerous predators and humanity' s enmity, mice have distributed themselves more widely across the planet than any other mammal except humans. Mice reproduce rapidly and, more important to their survival, they have the ability to adapt to an extraordinary range of habitats. Should the environment ever become too extreme to support human life, naturalists predict that mice would be able to adapt and survive.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The size of the mouse population is limited by the availability of food' would most support the naturalists' prediction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6855, "premise": "Human value does not depend on whether to master the truth, or to think that the truth is in hand. What determines human value is the tireless spirit of pursuing truth.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate paraphrase of the value of life in this passage is that the value of life is grasped by oneself.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11101, "premise": "Columnist: Contrary to what many people believe, the number of species on Earth is probably not dwindling. Extinction is a natural process, and about as many species are likely to go extinct this year as went extinct in 1970. But the emergence of new species is also a natural process; there is no reason to doubt that new species are emerging at about the same rate as they have been for the last several centuries.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that in 1970 fewer new species emerged than went extinct most weakens the columnist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14839, "premise": "Forestry official: Many people think that if forest fires are not extinguished as quickly as possible, the Forestry Department is not doing its job properly. But relatively frequent, small fires clear out small trees and forest debris, which, if allowed to accumulate, would create the conditions for large, devastating fires.", "hypothesis": "The statement that relatively frequent, small fires clear out small trees and forest debris is used as evidence against the contention that the Forestry Department is not doing its job properly if it does not extinguish forest fires as quickly as possible.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11613, "premise": "Sonya: Anyone who lives without constant awareness of the fragility and precariousness of human life has a mind clouded by illusion. Yet those people who are perpetually cognizant of the fragility and precariousness of human life surely taint their emotional outlook on existence.", "hypothesis": "Sonya's statements, if true, most strongly support the statement that everyone whose emotional outlook on existence is untainted has a mind clouded by illusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3371, "premise": "Five business backbones in a unit, Zhang, Wang, Zhao, Ding and Li, participated in a skill test. Their test results showed that Zhao did not have Li Gao, Zhang did not have Wang Gao, Ding was no lower than Li, and Wang was not as high as Zhao.", "hypothesis": "Zhang scored the highest in the test of the five people.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4097, "premise": "Generally speaking, plastic is extremely difficult to decompose, and even small fragments are difficult to be degraded by the ecosystem, so the environmental damage it causes is very serious. Recently, scientists have discovered that an insect called wax worm can degrade polyethylene , And the speed is extremely fast. If we use biotechnology to replicate wax worms to degrade polyethylene, it will be able to help us effectively clean up plastic waste accumulated in landfill plants and the ocean.", "hypothesis": "If true, technology being available to purify the enzyme used by wax worms to degrade polyethylene cannot support the above discussion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5506, "premise": "National S of country A opened a candy store.One day, S decided to increase the unit prices of nougat and milk sugar by 2.9 yuan and 1.8 yuan respectively; On the same day, an f-222 fighter of the air force of country B crashed. A month later, S doubled the unit price of milk sugar; At 14:00 on the same day, a passenger plane from country C was killed shortly after taking off.Two months later, S issued a statement on the price of candy, saying that the price had not been adjusted in place, and increased the unit price of nougat by 1.2 yuan; On the same day, a passenger plane of an airline in country D crashed near the northwest of the country. It can be seen that S used candy prices as a weapon to attack foreign spacecraft", "hypothesis": "During aircraft manufacturing, the internal program was set to actively receive S's candy pricing information and crash when encountering a specific price can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13926, "premise": "A new device uses the global positioning system to determine a cow' s location and, when a cow strays outside of its pasture, makes noises in the cow' s ears to steer it back to its home range. Outfitting all of the cattle in a herd with this device is far more expensive than other means of keeping cattle in their pastures, such as fences. The device' s maker nevertheless predicts that ranchers will purchase the device at its current price.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The device has been shown not to cause significant stress to cattle' does the most to support the prediction made by the device's maker.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2888, "premise": "A certain city music festival set up seven categories of awards: pop, folk, rock, ethnic, electronic music, rap, and jazz. In the nomination of shortlisted names, it is known that: (1) At least 6 categories are shortlisted: (2) At least 2 categories are shortlisted among pop, folk and rock: (3) If both rock and ethnic categories are shortlisted, then electronic music and rap At least one category is not shortlisted.", "hypothesis": "The rock category was not shortlisted based on the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5632, "premise": "Customs is a state organ that supervises, checks and collects customs duties on all goods and articles entering and leaving the country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when on duty, customs officer can detain others for one day.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10860, "premise": "The primary task of a university is to educate. But to teach well, professors must be informed about new developments in their disciplines, and that requires research. Yet many universities cannot afford to support faculty research adequately. So a lack of funds for research adversely affects the degree to which a university can fulfill its central mission.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the argument is that effective teaching is the primary mission of a university.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8910, "premise": "The members of the printing group and the bookbinding group are mainly from the following seven employees - F, G, H, J, K, L and M. The members of each group must meet the following conditions: (1) Each group has at least 3 employees . (2) F and K cannot be in the same group. (3) If K is in a certain group, J must also be in this group. (4) M is a member of at least one of these two groups. (5) Both groups have at least one same employee.", "hypothesis": "The acceptable membership choices for the printing group are F, H, and J, and for the bookbinding group are G, H, L, and M.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7406, "premise": "Seeking superiority: Refers to a person's effort to get rid of inferiority complex.", "hypothesis": "When buying things, Xiao Ning always weighs in to see if it has practical value does not belong to seeking superiority.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12604, "premise": "Wind farms, which generate electricity using arrays of thousands of wind-powered turbines, require vast expanses of open land. County X and County Y have similar terrain, but the population density of County X is significantly higher than that of County Y. Ttherefore, a wind farm proposed for one of the two counties should be built in County Y rather than in County X.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Nearly all of County X's population is concentrated in a small part of the county, while County Y's population is spread evenly throughout the country' most seriously weakens the planner's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5335, "premise": "Public policy is an action plan or action rule formulated by a social public authority in a specific situation to achieve a certain goal.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, public authorities and non-governmental public organizations is not a public policy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5052, "premise": "Almost all mathematicians are like this: they can identify correct proofs and the invalidity of incorrect proofs, although they cannot define the exact meaning of a proof.", "hypothesis": "Thus, we can infer that people who can identify correct proof and incorrect proof may not be able to define the exact meaning of proof must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10570, "premise": "A committee works for two years and is composed of 4 members each year, 2 of which are from the following 4 judges: F, G, H and I, and the other 2 members are from the following 3 scientists: V, Y and Z. Each year, the committee is chaired by one member. A member who chairs the first year must retire from the committee during the second year. The person who chairs the second year must be a member of the committee during the first year. The committee members must meet the following conditions: G and V cannot be members of the committee in the same year. H and Y cannot be members of this committee in the same year. Each year, only one of I and V is a member of this committee.", "hypothesis": "Z was a member of the committee in the second year must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4653, "premise": "In order to prevent forest fires, forest experts in the United States have come up with a good method of fire prevention by fire: forest managers are required to regularly select the weather with low wind speed, low temperature and high temperature, and artificially burn the small trees, shrubs, dry branches and dead leaves under the trees, so as to prevent natural fires and help put out forest fires.", "hypothesis": "Forest managers can prevent forest fires if they regularly remove dry branches, dead leaves, weeds, small trees, and shrubs in the forest cannot be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12792, "premise": "Psychologist: A study of 436 university students found that those who took short naps throughout the day suffered from insomnia more frequently than those who did not. Moreover, people who work on commercial fishing vessels often have irregular sleep patterns that include frequent napping, and they also suffer from insomnia. So it is very likely that napping tends to cause insomnia.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the psychologist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument presumes that all instances of insomnia have the same cause.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4646, "premise": "Attention is a psychological state that selectively points to and focuses on a certain object or activity. attention can be divided into intentional attention and unintentional attention according to whether it is generated and maintained out of conscious intention and effort.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the description of the students' states 'Professor Huang kept talking on the stage for nearly an hour and a half. He was still not tired. Suddenly, the power was cut off and the microphone was silent. Instead, thousands of students who had been whispering under the stage suddenly quieted down' belongs to intentional attention.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4681, "premise": "Recent surveys show that many people who seek medical help are under great pressure. Medical research also shows that stress can adversely affect a person's immune system against infection. Therefore, when a person is under pressure, he is more likely to get sick.", "hypothesis": "Many companies report that absenteeism is reduced when employees feel pressure supports the above conclusion best.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4610, "premise": "The world's per capita amount of fresh water is about 8,300 cubic meters, but two-thirds of it is lost in the form of floods every year, and the remaining one-third is drinking water and irrigation water. Due to industrialization and the increase in human water consumption, the current world water consumption has increased compared with 1990 It is nearly 10 times higher. The lack of fresh water in the future is one of the restrictive factors that constitute economic development and food production.", "hypothesis": "It is correct that on the one hand, water should be saved, and on the other hand, new fresh water resources should be developed and utilized to solve the problem of water shortage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8574, "premise": "According to the data of the National Health Commission, about 1/3 of primary and secondary school students spend less than an hour a day exercising outdoors, and more than 70 percent of primary and secondary school students do not get enough sleep. At the same time, stress also has an impact on the health of teenagers, and the rate of myopia is on the rise, mainly because homework takes too long. For this reason, some education departments believe that a good night's sleep may be more important for children. With the consent of the parents, the child may not do the unfinished homework after the specified sleep time. But parents are not happy because they worry that their children will eventually have to go to low-quality schools.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The admission mechanism of colleges and universities will be reformed. While paying attention to students' achievements, they will also pay more attention to their comprehensive quality\" is most helpful to explain parents' concerns.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8018, "premise": "Goethe commented that Paganini showed a fiery soul on the strings. Parisians were so intoxicated by the sound of his piano that they forgot the cholera epidemic at that time. In Vienna, a blind man heard the sound of his piano and thought it was a band playing. When he learned that it was only the sound played by an Italian named Paganini on a violin, the blind man shouted, this is a devil!", "hypothesis": "This passage is intended to emphasize Paganini's superb performance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4332, "premise": "Relevant departments of Dongpo City have planned a selection activity for the ranking of ideal living quarters in the city. The method is to select ten indicators, which involve community hardware facilities (housing quality, supporting facilities, etc.), environmental sanitation, degree of greening, and public security status, transportation convenience, etc. Each index is evaluated according to the actual quality or quantity, and a score between 1 and 10 points is evaluated, and then the average of these ten scores is obtained, and the ranking is ranked according to its level.", "hypothesis": "The condition of long-term stability of the measurement data of various indicators is not a necessary assumption for the feasibility of the above planning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5856, "premise": "In the fight against child trafficking, the police rescued a boy, in order to identify his hometown, the police conducted an investigation: Insider A said he may be from Sichuan, may also be from Guizhou; Insider B said he can't be from Sichuan; Insider C said he's definitely from Sichuan; insider D said he's not from Guizhou. The police determined that there was only one person whose story could not be trusted.", "hypothesis": "It is impossible to judge which of the following options can be identified by the police as the boy's hometown according to the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6706, "premise": "In today's international system, when the nation-state is no longer the only international actor, it is necessary to shape new identity, instead of using old bottles of new wine to advocate moderate, rational and open new nationalism, but should transcend nationalism itself. Nowadays, when sovereign states rather than nation-states are the basic unit of the international community, patriotism should be used instead of nationalism, so as to be proud of the country and inspire the future.", "hypothesis": "Patriotism is a kind of transcendence to nationalism is the opinion of the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10698, "premise": "Certain politicians in the country of Birangi argue that a 50 percent tax on new automobiles would halt the rapid increase of automobiles on Birangi' s roads and thereby slow the deterioration of Birangi' s air quality. Although most experts agree that such a tax would result in fewer Birangians buying new vehicles and gradually reduce the number of automobiles on Birangi' s roads, they contend that it would have little impact on Birangi' s air-quality problem.", "hypothesis": "If automobiles become less fuel efficient and therefore contribute more to air pollution as they age, it would most strongly support the experts' contention about the effect of the proposed automobile tax on Birangi's air-quality problem.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6509, "premise": "In the current society, the fierce competition between people is inevitable, but because of the heavy trade-offs and consequences, many people do not hesitate to violate the ethics and rules and order of public morality. In the end, it is not only difficult to take advantage, but sometimes do harm to themselves. As the system becomes more and more sound, the act of overstepping the rules with too much gain and loss can only lift a stone and drop it on one's own feet. For example, athletes train hard every day to win medals in the competition. When the game they have been waiting for for a long time comes, some athletes will be very nervous, even intentionally or unintentionally to do some illegal things.", "hypothesis": "Athletes should establish a correct concept of competition is intended to be explained in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5425, "premise": "Hunger marketing means that commodity suppliers deliberately reduce their output in order to regulate the relationship between supply and demand, create the illusion of short supply, and maintain a high selling price and profit margin of commodities. Hunger marketing is more suitable for industries with high unit price and difficult to form repeated purchase of single commodities.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when an automobile brand launched a new model, many people lined up and even were willing to increase the price. The manufacturer claimed that the output of the car was limited and had been limited to sales in order to expand the impact of hot sales belongs to hunger marketing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6715, "premise": "In today's era, our labor can be divided into two parts, one is the labor paid in order to obtain the necessary means of livelihood for today's survival, and the other is the labor paid in advance for development.When the ratio of the former is greater than the latter, it shows that our labor is still in a lower stage, while the latter is much larger than the former, it means that our labor level has been greatly improved.Therefore, only through social development and progress and improving people's efficiency and level can we truly realize the complete liberation of human beings.", "hypothesis": "An important sign of the development of human society is the improvement of labor level is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13133, "premise": "To treat a person justly is to treat that person with perfect impartiality. But our friends naturally expect us to attach more importance to their interests than to the interests of others. Hence, given that we try to maintain our friendships, we cannot succeed in being just to our friends.", "hypothesis": "One cannot both treat someone impartially and value that person's interests above the interests of others must be assumed in order for the conclusion of the argument above to be properly drawn.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1527, "premise": "Never pretend that children can be replaced by other things, just as never pretend that what you don't get is not worth it or missing.", "hypothesis": "It's worth to get what you don't get.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6851, "premise": "According to the World Bank's World Development report 1990, secondary school students account for 93% of the population aged between 12 and 17 in high-income countries, 67% in upper-middle-income countries, 49% in lower-middle-income countries, 26% in low-income countries and 12% in lowest-income countries. The proportion of college students aged 20 to 24 years old is 39% in high-income countries, 20% in upper middle-income countries, 16% in lower-middle-income countries, 3% in low-income countries and 2% in lowest-income countries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The level of national quality determines the development of a country's economy' directly addresses the point of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1001, "premise": "Trying to control the formation of others' impressions of themselves is called impression management.", "hypothesis": "Lao Sun worked hard in his work, first suffering, and then enjoy life does not belong to impression management according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9185, "premise": "The vast majority of elite athletes have good psychological qualities, most of them have achieved good results in competitions, and all athletes who have achieved good results in competitions have trained hard.", "hypothesis": "Some athletes who do not have good mental qualities have achieved good results in competitions can be properly deduced from the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4444, "premise": "If he doesn't study Erhu performance, Xu Ping can't do theoretical research on folk music. If he likes national musical instruments, he will choose to study Erhu performance as his major. If he doesn't like national musical instruments, he will do theoretical research on folk music.", "hypothesis": "From this, we can deduce that Xu Ping will not study of folk music theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a member of save the earth, but not a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo, he must be Xiao Liu can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9565, "premise": "At present, many colleges and universities stipulate that graduate students must publish a certain number of academic articles before graduation, which are linked to the qualifications for obtaining a degree. The university believes that the publication of papers by graduate students during their study will help to improve their academic level and enhance their academic ability, which can not only achieve the goal of personnel training, but also expand the popularity of the school. However, recently, a university has cancelled the requirement that the publication of graduate papers is linked to the qualification of degrees, which has been recognized by many graduate mentors. They believe that this rule is more conducive to the cultivation of the academic ability of graduate students in the university.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the past, the school used the requirements of the publication of papers to replace the supervision of the training process, making it difficult for students to settle down to study knowledge' can best support the views of the above graduate mentors if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5873, "premise": "China's scientific research environment continues to improve. Data show that in 2016, China's total research and development investment was 1.57 trillion yuan, making it the second largest research and development investment country in the world after the United States. With a series of national key innovation projects, the focus is Disciplines and key laboratories have been established one after another. Today, China has the ability to provide researchers with scientific research conditions that are not inferior to Western countries.", "hypothesis": "Scientific research funds can be implemented, and various 'key' measures enable scientific researchers to make the best use of their talents can best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9018, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "M and P jointly serve as members of a sub-committee must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4461, "premise": "Place names are the product of human activities in various historical times. They have rich scientific connotations such as history, geography, language, economy, nationality and society. They are a special cultural phenomenon and a living fossil of human history. According to statistics, there are more than 22000 surnames in ancient and modern China. It can be inferred that there are not few words involving surnames in place names.", "hypothesis": "According to statistics, people surnamed Chen are more in the South and less in the north best supports the above conjecture.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14765, "premise": "Editorial: An arrest made by a Midville police officer is provisional until the officer has taken the suspect to the police station and the watch commander has officially approved the arrest. Such approval is denied if the commander judges that the evidence on which the provisional arrest is based is insufficient. A government efficiency expert has found that almost all provisional arrests meet standards for adequacy of evidence that watch commanders enforce. The expert ttherefore recommends that the <b> watch commander' s approval should no longer be required </b> since the officers' time spent obtaining approval is largely wasted. <b> This recommendation should be rejected as dangerous </b>, however, since there is no assurance that the watch commanders' standards will continue to be observed once approval is no longer required.", "hypothesis": "The first boldface portion in the editorial is a proposal against which the editorial is directed, and the second is a judgment reached by the editorial concerning that proposal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5349, "premise": "Internationally, the median survival time of general pancreatic cancer patients is 4 to 6 months. The National Institutes of Health reports that the one-year survival rate for this type of cancer is 8%, and the five-year survival rate is 3%, and the median survival time is only 2 to 3. Months. Among the more than 100 patients with pancreatic cancer in Shanghai who have been diagnosed and treated by Traditional Chinese medicine, nearly 20 have escaped for 3 to 5 years.The vast majority of these patients are inoperable and have not undergone chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and most of them are now very happy.", "hypothesis": "Traditional Chinese medicine is a kind of real existence, and it is very valuable for billions of people for many years cannot be introduced.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6078, "premise": "In the struggle against natural disasters, mankind still has a long way to go. The reality must be faced up to, but can ordinary people do nothing? In today's disaster prediction can not be completely accurate, how should everyone protect the precious life given to us by God, how to make the most timely and wise choice at the moment of disaster, and how to save themselves, save people, and avoid or reduce the occurrence of tragedy? In fact, these things can be accomplished through social education and self - education.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Timely and wise choice when disaster strikes is very important\" is intended to emphasize that this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9908, "premise": "Archaeologists from the University of York and the University of Manchester in England have found the remains of a human house with a history of more than 10,000 years in Starka, North Yorkshire. Dating results show that it is a round wooden hut about 3.5 meters high, which existed in 8500 BC and is at least 500 years earlier than the oldest house previously found in Britain. Archaeologists also found a wooden platform and the trunk of a well-preserved tree nearby. In addition, they also found ornaments of processed antlers, indicating that people at that time already had some ceremonial activities.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Humans are gregarious animals, and there are more wooden houses waiting to be discovered nearby' can best support the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4726, "premise": "The administrative reconsideration law stipulates that if citizens, legal persons or other organizations believe that a specific administrative act infringes upon their legitimate rights and interests, they may apply to the administrative organ at the next higher level or the administrative organ specified in laws and regulations for reconsideration. The administrative procedure law stipulates that citizens, legal persons and other organizations may first apply to the administrative organ at the next higher level for reconsideration of administrative cases that fall within the scope of cases accepted by the people's court. If the applicant refuses to accept the reconsideration, he may bring a lawsuit in the people's court within 15 days from the date of receiving the reconsideration decision; he may also directly bring a lawsuit in the people's court.", "hypothesis": "If a citizen, legal person or other organization is not satisfied with a specific administrative act, it shall not directly bring an administrative lawsuit is the statement that can be deduced from the above discussion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3079, "premise": "The so-called beauty of small things is the sensitivity to such small things. Although they are small, they are willing to stay. Sometimes, villages, mountains and rivers, time-honored small town culture, old traditions and their existence are a reminder to urban people, reminding them not to go too fast. Being busy is death. Sun Li has a saying: The article is at the extreme, there is no other wonder, but just right; the character is at the extreme, there is no other difference, just natural. this is just the same as the original intention. Isn't it also a reminder for busy urban people who have lost their natural patience?", "hypothesis": "The coincidence and original intention is a reminder to urban people who are busy and lose their natural patience is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3248, "premise": "The trolley management method refers to an innovative management model that integrates service objects into the service system and taps the potential resources of the service objects to jointly improve the management service level with service providers. This mode is for service providers and service recipients. It is a win-win strategy.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the supermarket distributing electronic red envelopes to consumers who bring their own environmentally friendly packaging bags belongs to the trolley management method.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10023, "premise": "A company has six general manager assistants F, G, H, I, M and P, and three departments. Each department is just under the charge of three general manager assistants. Each general manager assistant is in charge of at least one department. The following conditions must be met: (1) there is and only one general manager assistant in charge of three departments at the same time. (2) F and G are not in charge of the same department. (3) H and I are not in charge of the same department.", "hypothesis": "If F and M are not in charge of the same department, M and G must be in charge of the same department.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8571, "premise": "False empathy bias, also known as false consistency deviation, means that people often overestimate or exaggerate the universality of their beliefs, judgments and behaviors. When knowing others, they always like to give their own characteristics to others, assuming that they are the same as themselves, and when they encounter conflicting information, they will firmly believe in the correctness of their beliefs and judgments.", "hypothesis": "Some college students who hang billboards around the campus to get paid think that those who do not agree to hang up are arrogant cowards, while those who do not agree to hang billboards will think that those who agree to hang up are pretending to be crazy and foolish does not belong to false empathy bias according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4165, "premise": "During the Spring Festival, the school security office plans to provide work-study opportunities for all students who do not return home during the festival. On the one hand, they want to relieve the pressure of understaffed security forces during the spring festival. On the other hand, they want to ease the economic pressure on these impoverished college students.", "hypothesis": "Most students who don't go home have signed up for winter vacation English tuition classes cannot question this plan of the school security office.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12656, "premise": "Alan: Government subsidies have been proposed in Cariana to encourage farmers in Rochelle, the country' s principal agricultural region, to implement certain new farming techniques. Unless these techniques are implemented, erosion of productive topsoil cannot be controlled. Unfortunately, farmers cannot afford to shoulder the entire cost of the new techniques, which are more expensive than those currently used. Ttherefore, without subsidies, agricultural output in Rochelle will inevitably decline. Betty: But erosion in Rochelle is caused by recurring floods, which will end next year once Cariana completes the hydroelectric dam it is building across the region' s major river. Ttherefore, Rochelle' s total agricultural output will stabilize at its present level even without subsidies.", "hypothesis": "An assumption on which Betty's argument depends is that the current yearly output, if any, from Rochelle's land that will be permanently under water once the dam is completed will at least be matched by additional yearly output from Rochelle's remaining land.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5975, "premise": "At the academic exchange meeting, a foreign scholar denied the existence of the Xia dynasty on the grounds that there were no relics and no written records of the corresponding ages.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"The Historical Records also has accurate records about the titles of the Xia Tribe (king of the Xia dynasty)\" would most refute the foreign scholar's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6323, "premise": "Ocean is a natural extension of land through watersheds. In marine development activities, production links such as marine fishing, marine transportation, marine mineral development and marine aquaculture are jointly completed in the sea and watersheds; while the sea salt industry and seawater utilization are completed on the land. In addition, the development of modern science and technology promotes the progress of marine science and technology and the development of marine industries. At the same time, the development of marine high-tech and the emergence of new products have also promoted the scientific and technological progress of the basin and the development of related industries. Products are interactively developed through this technological extension.", "hypothesis": "The dependence of the marine economy on the spatial layout of the basin economy is meant to illustrate.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9286, "premise": "Confucius knows the truth of diet and health very well. The Analects of Confucius Hsiang-tang lists many propositions of eating and not eating, such as not eating from time to time, which means not to eat out-of-season vegetables.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the above explanation must rely on is that we can choose to eat seasonal vegetables or out-of-season vegetables.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13625, "premise": "One of the effects of lead poisoning is an inflammation of the optic nerve, which causes those who have it to see bright haloes around light sources. In order to produce the striking yellow effects in his Sunflowers paintings, Van Gogh used Naples yellow, a pigment containing lead. Since in his later paintings, Van Gogh painted bright haloes around the stars and sun, it is likely that he was suffering from lead poisoning caused by ingesting the pigments he used.", "hypothesis": "In Van Gogh's later paintings he painted some things as he saw them is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13683, "premise": "Legislator: Your agency is responsible for regulating an industry shaken by severe scandals. You were given funds to hire 500 investigators to examine the scandals, but you hired no more than 400. I am forced to conclude that you purposely limited hiring in an attempt to prevent the full extent of the scandals from being revealed. Regulator: We tried to hire the 500 investigators but the starting salaries for these positions had been frozen so low by the legislature that it was impossible to attract enough qualified applicants.", "hypothesis": "The regulator responds to the legislator's criticism by reph", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13071, "premise": "Even though apes are the only nonhuman creatures able to learn human language, no ape has ever used its human language skills to ask such philosophical questions as, How am I different from all other creatures?  Ttherefore, philosophical thought is unique to humans.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion in the passage above relies on the assumption that philosophical thought can be expressed only in human language.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4351, "premise": "People's fear of flying by plane is actually unreasonable. According to statistics, in 1995, the number of people who died in ground traffic accidents in the world exceeded 800,000. During the 10 years from 1990 to 1999, the world died in an average of air crashes every year. There are less than 500 people, and during these 10 years, my country has suffered an average of less than 25 people in air crashes every year.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the correctness of the above argument, the most important question to answer is whether the number of deaths from ground traffic accidents in the world was the highest in 1995.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7568, "premise": "Different from the traditional sweat-based economy, innovation is a kind of creative work that mainly relies on human wisdom. Due to the large investment, high risk, long cycle, and slow results, innovation is not everyone's conscious action, it needs strong motivation support If someone can use resources to speculate to get rich, or can borrow money to trade corruption to make a fortune, then people will not have a real incentive to innovate.", "hypothesis": "If people have no real motivation to innovate, then some people can use land resources to speculate and get rich can be derived based on the above overview.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6495, "premise": "At the beginning of the 5 th century, the phonetic characters of borrowed Chinese characters called Kana appeared in Japan. In the eighth century, the use of marking Japanese pronunciation with Chinese characters has been relatively fixed and its mark is the compilation of Wanya set, so it is called Wanya Kana. It is the basis for pure Japanese phonetic character. The final creation of Japanese characters was completed by Ji Bei and Hirodhara Master (Konghai). Both of them lived in Tang Dynasty for a long time and studied Chinese characters deeply. The former creates Japanese katakana according to the italic side of phonetic Chinese characters, while the latter uses Kanji cursive to create Japanese Hiragana. Today, Japanese characters, which have occupied an important position in the world, still retain more than 1000 simplified Chinese characters.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between Japanese characters and Chinese characters is intended to be described in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15078, "premise": "When demand for a factory's products is high, more money is spent at the factory for safety precautions and machinery maintenance than when demand is low. Thus the average number of on-the-job accidents per employee each month should be lower during periods when demand is high than when demand is low and less money is available for safety precautions and machinery maintenance.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Its old machinery is replaced with modern, automated models\" casts the most serious doubt on the conclusion drawn above when demand for the factory's products is high.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3501, "premise": "Colds are caused by viruses, bacteria, dust, etc., and are not the result of catching a cold. In fact, people don't catch a cold in a very cold place. Because the virus is easy to freeze to death in a very cold place, and stay in a warm stove. It is easy to activate the virus and invade our body.", "hypothesis": "Letting the body catch cold is a reliable way to treat colds can be inferred from the given options.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14528, "premise": "Our cabbage soup provides good nutrition; a warm bowl of it contains more units of vitamin C than does a serving of mango or fresh broccoli!", "hypothesis": "The advertisement is misleading if Mango and fresh broccoli are widely known to be nutritious, but their contribution consists primarily in providing a large amount of vitamin A, not a large amount of vitamin C.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6668, "premise": "During the Five Dynasties period, dynasties were frequently changed, and everything was simple and simple, and new construct was not considered. Therefore, before the next week, the scale of Kaifeng was about the same as that of the Tang Dynasty. In the week after Guo Wei was established, political and economic reforms were implemented, and the situation improved.", "hypothesis": "The scale of Kaifeng in the Five Dynasties was similar to that of the Tang Dynasty is the most accurate retelling of the main meaning of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14487, "premise": "The existence of polluting industries near schools does not lead to a decrease in the air quality at those schools. Proof of this is shown at middle school X in southern California, where an oil well was built on middle school X' s campus. The air quality at middle school X is no worse than the air quality at other middle schools in the state, and the students at middle school X do not suffer more frequently from air pollution-related allergies than do students in other middle schools in the state.", "hypothesis": "More animal and plant life thrive near middle school X than at other middle schools in the state does not weaken the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2731, "premise": "Professor Zhang: the prehistoric essential tools found in South America existed 13,000 years ago. Some archaeologists believe that these tools were used by people whose ancestors migrated from Siberia to Alaska. This view is untenable. In order to reach South America, these people had to trek 13, 000 years ago, and 13, 000-year-old wooden tools were never found between Alaska and South America. Researcher Li: I'm afraid you've overlooked: these wooden tools are found in peat bogs, which are rarely found in North America. Wooden tools rot and dissolve in ordinary soil within a few years.", "hypothesis": "The coping methods of researcher Li include pointing out that Professor Zhang misinterpreted the views of archaeologists.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10792, "premise": "The TJ-700 and the Beta Turbomax are two models of cars of different manufacturers. These two models have almost identical specifications and features, and they sell for almost the same price. Both were introduced on the market five years ago, and each year, the respective manufacturers spend about the same amount in advertising. In the past five year, the total number of TJ-700' s sold is about 80% greater than the total number of Beta Turbomax' s sold. Clearly, the advertising firm that created TJ-700 ads created much more effective ads than the firm that created Beta Turbomax ads.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, it would be most useful to know whether buyers of cars of other manufacturers in the last five years are familiar with the ads for the TJ-700 and the Beta Turbomax.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1325, "premise": "In recent years, with the rapid development of Microblog, Wechat and other online social media, rumors about food have become rampant, which has brought great trouble to people's daily life. It is expected to crack the current situation of food rumors flying all over the world, improve and improve the platform and mechanism of food safety reporting, and incorporate the reporting mechanism into the intelligent early warning processing platform of food rumors, so as to carry out closed-loop management on the governance of food rumors, so as to truly establish consumers' confidence in food safety.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis is on the need for a multifaceted approach to managing food safety rumors, rather than relying solely on a rumor refutation and early warning platform.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12023, "premise": "Auto industry executive: Statistics show that cars that were built smaller after 1977 to make them more fuel-efficient had a higher incidence of accident-related fatalities than did their earlier, larger counterparts. For this reason we oppose recent guidelines that would require us to produce cars with higher fuel efficiency.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Even after 1977, large automobiles were frequently involved in accidents that caused death or serious injury' constitutes the strongest objection to the executive's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6150, "premise": "Since the first permanent pacemaker was implanted in the human body in 1958, manufacturers of implantable medical devices have been continuously researching various methods to provide electrical energy to their products. Non-rechargeable lithium batteries are currently more common. In transplantation equipment for heart disease and neurogenic diseases, non-rechargeable lithium batteries can generally be used for 7 to 10 years, and they are already relatively longevity. Researchers believe that unless breakthroughs are made in the field of bio-batteries, implantable devices will never work permanently and reliably.", "hypothesis": "This text is meant to explain that the development prospects of implantable medical devices are broad.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5365, "premise": "Tangible wear and intangible wear are concepts that describe the decline in the value of machinery and equipment. As a kind of resource, talents also face tangible and intangible wear and tear. The tangible wear and tear of talents refers to the decline of factors such as physical strength, initiative and cooperation related to the physical and psychological conditions of talents with the increase of age and working hours. The invisible wear and tear of talents refers to the decline in the use value of talents due to the relatively backward concepts, knowledge, and methods of talents.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Chen Li in the department is not interested in the newly introduced remote sensing equipment and is not an active learner is the intangible wear of talents.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10199, "premise": "After suppressing the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom, Zeng Guofan asked the court to demobilize the Hunan army in his book, but made no mention of his personal fate. Because he knew that if he asked to stay in the court in the memoir, he would be suspected of being greedy for power; if he asked for dismissal and return to his hometown in the memoir, it would give the court the impression that he was unwilling to continue to be loyal to the court.", "hypothesis": "In dealing with a fraud case in the imperial court of the Yongzheng Dynasty, Zhang Tingyu's options were either to advocate killing Zhang Tinglu and making his family think he was unjust, or to advocate protecting Zhang Tinglu and making Yongzheng think he was unfaithful. Therefore, Zhang Tingyu chose to be ill at home and not play a role in the situation. This reasoning is most similar to the one above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6855, "premise": "Human value does not depend on whether to master the truth, or to think that the truth is in hand. What determines human value is the tireless spirit of pursuing truth.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate paraphrase of the value of life in this passage is that it is reflected in the unremitting pursuit of truth.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6299, "premise": "From dragonflies flying low to predict the weather to toads moving to predict earthquakes, ancient Chinese people have accumulated a lot of experience. These experiences have been passed down from generation to generation, and today, they still have a high degree of trust in people - including today's network. Modern earthquake research emphasizes data and concepts. The accurate prediction of an area in ancient times, with a horizontal comparison with today's information collection, is no longer of universal significance.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on the experience of earthquake prediction accumulated by the people in ancient China is that it is accidental and cannot be used as the basis for earthquake prediction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10023, "premise": "A company has six general manager assistants F, G, H, I, M and P, and three departments. Each department is just under the charge of three general manager assistants. Each general manager assistant is in charge of at least one department. The following conditions must be met: (1) there is and only one general manager assistant in charge of three departments at the same time. (2) F and G are not in charge of the same department. (3) H and I are not in charge of the same department.", "hypothesis": "If F and M are not in charge of the same department, then I and P are in charge of the same department must be correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5335, "premise": "Public policy is an action plan or action rule formulated by a social public authority in a specific situation to achieve a certain goal.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, policies of village committee is not a public policy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3041, "premise": "In an article published in Science magazine in January 2015, Fogelstein et al said that the difference in cancer risk in human tissue can be explained by mistakes made during stem cell division, that is, the so-called bad luck. 2/3 of cancer gene mutations are the result of bad luck and another 1/3 are attributed to genetic and environmental factors. a commentary issued by Science magazine said. The debate about the bad luck theory of cancer is expected to continue. Other experts say the study does not mean denying the importance of preventing cancer by improving the environment and lifestyle. Cancer Research UK believes that cancer cases can be prevented.", "hypothesis": "Not all cancer cases are unpreventable is inconsistent with the meaning of the above words.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8635, "premise": "Youth phase refers to how adolescents perceive their level of youth development to be earlier, more timely or later than their peers.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Junior high school students C in the physical health class and other students like the opposite sex of the physiological structure is full of curiosity is timely in the phase of youth activation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4996, "premise": "Vitamins are very important for the maintenance of human body function. As a selling point, a health care company to promote its production of nutrients. The company says its products contain 1.5 times more vitamins per serving than the body needs on a daily basis, enough to satisfy the body's needs for a variety of vitamins. However,________. Accordingly, this company undertook false propaganda.", "hypothesis": "Vitamins that exceed the body's daily requirements are naturally excreted by the body and can not be absorbed is the best option underlined above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11109, "premise": "I. Room air conditioners produced by Japanese manufacturers tend to be more reliable than those produced by United States manufacturers. II. The average lifetime of room air conditioners produced by United States manufacturers is about fifteen years, the same as that of room air conditioners produced by Japanese manufacturers.", "hypothesis": "Japanese manufacturers often use more reliable components in their room air conditioners than do United States manufacturers would best reconcile the two statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10615, "premise": "Only an expert in some branch of psychology could understand why Patrick is behaving irrationally. But no expert is certain of being able to solve someone else' s problem. Patrick wants to devise a solution to his own behavioral problem.", "hypothesis": "If Charles is certain of being able to solve Patrick's behavioral problem, then Charles does not understand why Patrick is behaving in this way is a valid conclusion that can be drawn from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7999, "premise": "The experience of a certain company fully shows that a successful marketing operation not only depends on a special marketing department, but also requires excellent products, sophisticated market research, and professional business departments and public relations departments,good at analysis of the financial department and logistics and other departments of full cooperation and support. If the marketing department is strong and other departments are weak, or the marketing department is not in harmony with other departments, or the company is unable to integrate effectively, the marketing operation will not be carried out smoothly and effectively, and it will be difficult to exert its due power.", "hypothesis": "The main emphasis of this text is that the marketing department can only play a better role in close cooperation with relevant departments.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10585, "premise": "A distinguished British judge, Justice Upton, said that whether some administrative decision by a government minister is reasonable is a question that judges, by their training and experience, should be well-equipped to answer, or else there would be something badly wrong with the legal system, and there is little reason to suppose that there is. ", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of Justice Upton's argument is that judges are qualified to decide upon the reasonableness of a government minister's administrative decision.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14211, "premise": "Yuriko: Our city' s campaign to persuade parents to have their children vaccinated ought to be imitated by your city. In the 16 months since the enactment of legislation authorizing the campaign, vaccinations in our city have increased by 30 percent. Susan: But the major part of that increase occurred in the first 6 months after that legislation was enacted, right after your city' s free neighborhood health clinics opened, and before the vaccination campaign really got going.", "hypothesis": "In responding to Yuriko, Susan presents evidence to suggest that vaccination campaigns are usually ineffective.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12323, "premise": "One might expect that within a particular species, any individuals that managed to slow down the aging process would leave more offspring. Natural selection should ttherefore favor extreme longevity-but this does not seem to be the case. A possible explanation is that aging is a product of the inevitable wear and tear of living, similar to how household appliances generally accumulate faults that lead to their eventual demise. However, most researchers do not find this analogy satisfactory as an explanation.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that some organisms generate much more wear and tear on their bodies than others would provide the strongest explanation for the researchers' reaction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13112, "premise": "To protect certain fledgling industries, the government of Country Z banned imports of the types of products those industries were starting to make. As a direct result, the cost of those products to the buyers, several export-dependent industries in Z, went up, sharply limiting the ability of those industries to compete effectively in their export markets.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that profit margins in Country Z's adversely affected export-dependent industries were not high enough to absorb the rise in costs mentioned above is best supported by the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1035, "premise": "Studies show that taking breaks can increase productivity. When completing a complex and arduous task, take a break and do something simpler. The boss of one company applied this to his company by giving employees more time off, but instead of increasing productivity, it dropped significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Company production is assembly line operations, employees are doing a single mechanical action' best explains the above contradiction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15158, "premise": "Eva: A smart highway system should be installed, one that would monitor areawide traffic patterns and communicate with computers in vehicles or with programmable highway signs to give drivers information about traffic congestion and alternate routes. Such a system, we can infer, would result in improved traffic flow in and around cities that would do more than improve drivers' tempers; it would decrease the considerable loss of money and productivity that now results from traffic congestion. Louis: There are already traffic reports on the radio. Why would a smart highway system be any better? .", "hypothesis": "The assumption that traffic flow in and around cities is not now so congested that significant improvement is impossible is required by Eva's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6316, "premise": "The traditional theory believes that due to climate change, human ancestors were forced to leave the arboreal environment and chose to walk upright on the ground. A recent study believes that early humans walked upright in the rugged mountainous regions of eastern and southern Africa today. The terrain was formed by volcanic eruptions and tectonic plate movements during the Pliocene. Human ancestors were attracted by rocky terrain and canyons. They can provide a good sheltered habitat and give them the opportunity to trap prey. This environment required early humans to have the ability to walk and climb upright, so human ancestors eventually evolved to walk upright on two legs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Human ancestors chose to walk upright to better adapt to the terrain' is consistent with the conclusion of the latest research.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3502, "premise": "Everyone has a moment of autonomy, which may be fleeting. But a successful person can continue this autonomy for a long time. He occasionally gives in, or even fails; but even if he retreats, he can still stick to it. The most basic belief in yourself.", "hypothesis": "A winner is not someone who has never failed can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1475, "premise": "Along with the deepening of reform and opening up, prices quickly highly marketable commodity and labor force, land price according to the auction market, even the price of the stock also highly marketable, but only the most broad laborer's main the savings deposit interest income from property market, the monopoly system of interest by artificially low public property income, which provides a cheap for the enterprise Capital, which also provides banks with juicy interest rates and low-risk customers, is the basis of institutional arrangements that allow savers to become victims of financial stability.", "hypothesis": "The meaning of the text is that the institutional monopoly of interest on household savings deposits affects the distribution of income and wealth on a global scale.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12687, "premise": "Many scientists believe that bipedal locomotion (walking on two feet) evolved in early hominids in response to the move from life in dense forests to life in open grasslands. Bipedalism would have allowed early hominids to see over tall grasses, helping them to locate food and to detect and avoid predators. However, because bipedalism also would have conferred substantial advantages upon early hominids who never left the forest -- in gathering food found within standing reach of the forest floor, for example -- debate continues concerning its origins. It may even have evolved, like the upright threat displays of many large apes, because it bettered an individual' s odds of finding a mate.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Bipedal locomotion would have helped early hominids gather food' is most supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4665, "premise": "Flow operation: it refers to that workers act on the labor objects in sequence according to the operation process to complete a certain amount of work at a certain stage in the production process, so that the production can be carried out in the frontier without interruption.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, there are 10 people in the shoemaking workshop, each responsible for one process, and finally produce finished products belongs to flow operation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14887, "premise": "In Mernia commercial fossil hunters often sell important fossils they have found, not to universities or museums, but to individual collectors, who pay much better but generally do not allow researchers access to their collections. To increase the number of fossils available for research, some legislators propose requiring all fossils that are found in Mernia to be sold only to universities or museums.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Most fossils are found by commercial fossil hunters, and they would give up looking for fossils if they were no longer allowed to sell to individual collectors\" most strongly indicates that the legislators' proposal will fail to achieve its goal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8674, "premise": "Zhang Ming, Li Ying, Wang Jia and Chen Rui work in a team. They come from Jiangsu, Anhui, Fujian and Shandong provinces. Each of them can speak only one dialect of their native place. It is known that Fujian people can speak Minnan dialect, Shandong people have the highest academic qualifications, and they can speak Central Plains Mandarin. Wang Jia is less educated than Fujian people. Li Ying speaks Huizhou dialect and works with classmates from Jiangsu. Chen Rui doesn't understand Minnan dialect.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, it can be inferred that Wang Jia can speak Huizhou dialect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5445, "premise": "The law of diminishing marginal utility refers to the phenomenon that consumers gradually reduce their evaluation of goods with the increase of consumption.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, microwave oven was an expensive kitchen equipment in the 1990s. Now it has become cheap and popular is in line with the law of diminishing marginal utility.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5152, "premise": "The race schedule of the car rally is divided into two parts, the driving section and the special section (stage). The driving section refers to the part between the two special sections, and the driver only needs to arrive at the new special section before the specified time. There is a limit time for the special section. For example, if the distance between point A and point B is 50 kilometers, and if the car can arrive in 30 minutes at the fastest, the time limit of the car must be less than 30 minutes, such as 27 minutes. When the driver takes more than 27 minutes from point A to point B, there will be a penalty time, and the winner will be the one who has least penalty time.", "hypothesis": "Every winner must have a penalty time can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11607, "premise": "Movie Director: Movies come out the best, in terms of both critical and box office success, when a single person has full creative control over the final product. Studios providing notes to the director, writer, producer, or whomever controls that vision, stifle the creative process. Studio Head: At the end of the day, the film industry is a business. Movies will only be made if they are profitable. The most successful movies focus on subjects that the audience cares about, and the studios spend millions of dollars on test screenings to determine what audiences prefer. Whether the studio transmits its research by notes or informal discussion, the studio' s input must be considered.", "hypothesis": "The main point in dispute is that more than one person should be involved in the creative process.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7200, "premise": "A person summed up the legendary experience of Bill Gates and Dale and found that the secret to their success was dropping out of college.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between dropping out of college and success that is believed by that person is that one may succeed if he doesn't drop out of college.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a member of save the earth, but not a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo, he must be Xiao Liu can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14845, "premise": "If temperatures had dropped below freezing when I was gone last week, the impatiens in my garden would have died. If the impatiens had died, they obviously could not continue to bloom. However, since the impatiens in my garden are still in bloom today, temperatures did not drop below freezing last week.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument 'If a species is introduced into a new environment, it adversely affects some species already existing in that environment, but only if it adapts well to it. Therefore, if a species does not adapt well to a new environment, it will not adversely affect any species already existing in it' most closely parallels that of the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9029, "premise": "The arrangement of troops pays attention to shape and potential, which is described as the coordination of forces. The shape is a prepared proprietary medicine, which can be purchased and used directly in the drugstore; the potential is a prescription written by an experienced doctor for the patient, considering the dosage, increasing or decreasing the smell, and compatibility according to the severity of the illness.Dashing into battle also pays attention to shape and potential. Take boxing as an example, the shape is the boxer's height, weight and routines; the potential is Sanda and adapt according to the opponent's moves.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the characteristics of shape and potential mentioned above is that shape is like water in a mountain of thousands of feet, the deeper it is stored, the fiercer it is; the potential is like a boulder on the top of ten thousand feet, the more dangerous the mountain is, the faster the stone is.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14962, "premise": "Curator: A magazine recently ran a very misleading story on the reaction of local residents to our controversial art exhibit. They quoted the responses of three residents, all of whom expressed a sense of moral outrage. These quotations were intended to suggest that most local residents oppose the exhibit; the story failed to mention, however, the fact that the three residents are all close friends.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'It is misleading to present the opinions of people on only one side of an issue when the population is likely to be evenly divided on that issue' most helps to justify the curator's argumentation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7702, "premise": "Social risk refers to the risk of loss of social production and people's life due to the actions of individuals or groups.", "hypothesis": "Frost disaster is not a social risk.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9080, "premise": "Ethicist: under normal circumstances, it is wrong to take some kind of experimental medical treatment without the patient's consent, because the patient has the right to know all the detailed medical options available and to accept or reject a certain treatment. However, in the case of emergency treatment, sometimes only beyond the patient's right of consent to experimental treatment can we know how to best deal with emergency patients. Therefore, some restricted experimental treatments without the patient's consent should be allowed.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that when the best medical plan is still unknown, patients no longer have the right to know the medical plan and medical plan is required for this ethicist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4602, "premise": "Time is directional and always flows from the past to the future. This is the arrow of time. In the process of biological evolution, the past and the future of time are asymmetrical, which is an irreversible process. But the time arrow of biological evolution is related to entropy increase is different. Entropy increase means degradation, that is, the decomposition and decay of old things; while evolution is the production and development of new things, and its time arrow points to the decrease of entropy.", "hypothesis": "The change of entropy is non-directional is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12431, "premise": "A recent study examined the daytime and nighttime activity patterns of two populations of tree-dwelling lemurs -- the first living in a rain forest, where tree canopy cover is consistent year-round, and the second living in a deciduous forest, where many trees lose their leaves during the winter months. Both groups of lemurs were found to be more nocturnal during winter months than they were the rest of the year. However, the winter increase in nocturnal activity was significantly more pronounced for the population living in the deciduous forest than it was for the population living in the rain forest.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The lemur population in the rain forest eats both plants and insects whereas the population in the deciduous forest eats only plants' most helps to explain the difference between the two lemur populations with respect to winter activity patterns.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4172, "premise": "Flexible management: The organization takes people as the center and flexibly operates various management methods, which can produce good management effects by influencing people's psychology.", "hypothesis": "The flexible management is the new employee, Xiao Wang, failing the training exam during the probation period, but the workshop director considering that she was a relative of the vice president and making an exception to get her to work.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 121, "premise": "Salesman: The picture tube is the core component of any TV. The P-brand TV and the T-brand TV use the picture tube of same quality. But the price of the P-brand TV is lower, so when you buy the P-brand TV not a T-brand, it is equivalent to paying a lower price but buying a TV with the same image quality.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'P-brand TVs are sold more than T-brand TVs every day' will most strongly support the sales's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2763, "premise": "Thoroughbred horse racing is an expensive commodity. A disease caused by genetic defects threatens thoroughbred horses, ranging from loss of racing ability to paralysis and even death. Therefore, horse breeders believe that once such defects are found, horse breeding should be stopped. This view is one-sided. Because generally speaking, this disease can be controlled through diet and medical treatment. In addition, horses with such genetic defects are often particularly beautiful, which is what equestrian performances pay special attention to.", "hypothesis": "The diseases of some horses with genetic defects have not been controlled due to the lack of reasonable diet or necessary medical treatment most accurately summarizes the conclusion to be demonstrated by the title stem.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12713, "premise": "Lawyer: Juries are traditionally given their instructions in convoluted, legalistic language. The verbiage is intended to make the instructions more precise, but greater precision is of little use if most jurors have difficulty understanding the instructions. Since it is more important for jurors to have a basic but adequate understanding of their role than it is for the details of that role to be precisely specified, jury instructions should be formulated in simple, easily comprehensible language.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The details of the role of the jurors cannot be specified with complete precision in simple, easily comprehensible language\" does not strengthen the lawyer's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10853, "premise": "Columnist: Until very recently, Presorbin and Veltrex, two medications used to block excess stomach acid, were both available only with a prescription written by a doctor. In an advertisement for Presorbin, its makers argue that Presorbin is superior on the grounds that doctors have written 200 million prescriptions for Presorbin, as compared to 100 million for Veltrex. It can be argued that the number of prescriptions written is never a worthwhile criterion for comparing the merits of medicines, but that the advertisement' s argument is absurd is quite adequately revealed by observing that Presorbin was available as a prescription medicine years before Veltrex was.", "hypothesis": "The first identifies an assumption made in an argument that the columnist's argument is directed against; the second states the main conclusion of the columnist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4378, "premise": "After a logic test, Lan Lan, Jingjing, and Lingling discussed the test results together. Lanlan said: If I can get 100 points, Jingjing can also get 100 points. Jingjing said: I see Lanlan can get 100 points, I can't get 100 points. Lingling said: If I can get 100 points, Jingjing won't get 100 points. In fact, after the test results came out, it proved that only one of the three of them told the truth.", "hypothesis": "Lingling is telling the truth, Lanlan scored 100 points is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10906, "premise": "The only way that bookstores can profitably sell books at below-market prices is to get the books at a discount from publishers. Unless bookstores generate a high sales volume, however, they cannot get discounts from publishers. To generate such volume, bookstores must either cater to mass tastes or have exclusive access to a large specialized market, such as medical textbooks, or both.", "hypothesis": "A bookstore that not only caters to mass tastes but also has exclusive access to a large specialized market cannot profitably sell books at below-market prices can be properly inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8854, "premise": "Aluminum alloys have widely replaced steel in military equipment because they provide the same protection and are lighter. But an armored vehicle made of aluminum alloy costs twice as much as a armored vehicle made of steel. Therefore, from a financial point of view, it is not advisable to replace the armored vehicles made of steel with armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy with the same protective performance.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the price of aluminum alloy is expected to remain stable, while the price of steel is likely to fall can raise greater doubts about the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5300, "premise": "The connotation of a concept is the common attribute of all elements of the object set reflected by the concept. It is formed with a high degree of contraction to reveal the connotation of a concept, just like drawing out a tape measure. The process of drawing out the tape measure can adopt a negative form under special circumstances.", "hypothesis": "Children born out of wedlock are born to men and women who do not have a reasonable marriage relationship uses the negative form to reveal the connotation of different concepts according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9746, "premise": "Affected by the film and television capital Winter and policy tightening, the overall size of the original series shrank in 2019. Film and television data show that the overall number of shows dropped by 6% in 2019, from 452 to 377, but the average score of the top 30 shows rose from 5.96 in 2018 to 6.51 in 2019, according to an authoritative film and television website. To a certain extent, this shows that after the number of episodes has been greatly reduced, the top boutique dramas have not been greatly affected, and the market has eliminated a number of non-boutique dramas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'From 2018 to 2019, the grading process and standards of this authoritative film and television website are consistent' will best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10646, "premise": "A study of young children' s ability to learn foreign languages found that those with parents who read them more than one book per week in their native language were 75% more proficient in the foreign languages that they learned than children whose parents read them one book per week or less. A secondary finding of the study was that children' s ability to remember new vocabulary in a second language drops off sharply after the age of 6, when it becomes 75% more difficult to retain new words learned in the second language.", "hypothesis": "Proficient speakers of a second language are likely to have begun learning it before the age of 6 can be inferred from the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5354, "premise": "Urbanization is the historical process of the transformation of human production and life style from rural to urban, which is manifested in the process of the transformation of rural population to urban population and the continuous development and improvement of cities. The communique of the Third Plenary Session of the Seventeenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China pointed out that by 2020, the integration mechanism of urban and rural economic and social development will be basically established.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, A large number of farmers migrated to cities, from farmers to citizens has the correct understanding of urbanization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5365, "premise": "Tangible wear and intangible wear are concepts that describe the decline in the value of machinery and equipment. As a kind of resource, talents also face tangible and intangible wear and tear. The tangible wear and tear of talents refers to the decline of factors such as physical strength, initiative and cooperation related to the physical and psychological conditions of talents with the increase of age and working hours. The invisible wear and tear of talents refers to the decline in the use value of talents due to the relatively backward concepts, knowledge, and methods of talents.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The 45-year-old team leader Wang often feels that he is physically weak, and sighs that he has more than enough energy but not enough energy' is an example of the intangible wear of talents according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5197, "premise": "Spending the first year of a child's life in a nursery can cause anxiety. In our study, 464 children between the ages of 12 and 13 were tested with a situational test designed to test the relationship between children's 1-year-old status and their attachment to their mothers. The result: 41.5 percent of children who had been in day care and 25.7 percent of children who had been home care were rated as anxious and overly dependent on their mothers.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The children in the study were not randomly selected for either day care or home care. As a result, there is likely to be a systematic difference between the families of the two groups of children\" is the least likely to challenge the conclusions of the study.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3579, "premise": "The problem of population growth is a problem faced by countries in the world, especially developed countries. Developed countries generally face low fertility rates, slow population growth or even negative growth, which directly affects economic development and ethnic heritage. my country is implementing a family planning policy 30 Years later, we are also facing similar problems, so my country gradually liberalizes the second-child policy. However, the actual effect is not satisfactory. Some experts pointed out that the unsatisfactory effect of the second-child policy is mainly due to too much social pressure.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because the cost of raising children is too high, many couples are reluctant to have more children' is true and best supports the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2605, "premise": "Generally speaking, the large jadeite gravel produced in Myanmar that has been weathered or transported to river valleys and riverbeds is called Laokeng jade. Laokeng jade is characterized by good water head, strong quality and high transparency, and its top grade is as transparent as glass, so it is called glass or ice. The same old pit jade, its quality is also relatively high and low, some transparency is higher, some transparency is slightly worse, so the value is also different. Other things being equal, the value of Laokeng jade with high transparency is higher than that of its lower unit value, but the practice of mining tells people that there is no Laokeng jade with the highest unit value.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, it can be concluded that there is no Laokeng jade with the highest transparency.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4052, "premise": "Singing and dancing is a common phenomenon among all human nations and tribes. Its great advantage effect is to enable people to maintain unity, solve various internal disputes and defend their territory more effectively.", "hypothesis": "Singing and dancing have the effect of psychological comfort and can make all participants forget the real problems is the premise of the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10977, "premise": "If there is an election, you can either vote or not. If you vote, you have the satisfaction of knowing you influenced the results of the election; if you do not vote, you have no right to complain about the results. So, following an election, either you will have the satisfaction of knowing you influenced its results or you will have no right to complain.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the statement 'If you use a computer, its messages are either easily readable or not. If the messages are easily readable, they are merely password protected. If they are not easily readable, they are electronically encrypted. So any message on the computer you use is either password protected or electronically encrypted' most closely resembles that in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12411, "premise": "Pundit: The only airline providing service for our town announced that because the service is unprofitable it will discontinue this service next year. Town officials have urged the community to use the airline' s service more frequently so that the airline will change its decision. There is no reason to comply with their recommendation, however, for just last week these same officials drove to an out-of town conference instead of flying.", "hypothesis": "The pundit's reasoning is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it presumes, without providing justification, that if the town officials did not follow their own advice then that advice is not worth following.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10845, "premise": "Researchers have found that, hours after birth, infants are able to distinguish faces from other images. Infants stare at drawings of faces for longer periods of time than they do at blank ovals or drawings in which facial features are scrambled.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Certain abilities of facial pattern recognition are innate in humans, rather than learned' most helps to explain the ability of newborn infants described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4637, "premise": "Empathy refers to the ability to understand others' emotions and thoughts, understand others' positions and feelings, and think and deal with problems from the perspective of others in the process of interpersonal communication.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, \"Treat others as we expect to be treated\" does not belong to empathy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 264, "premise": "A, B, and C sell their products. Among the three products, one is counterfeit, and the other two are genuine. A said: My product is genuine, and B's product is counterfeit; B said: My product is genuine, and C's product is counterfeit; C said: B's product is genuine, A's product is counterfeit. It is known that one of A, B, and C told all turth, one half turth, half lie, and the other told all lies", "hypothesis": "A sells counterfeit goods.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13629, "premise": "Advertisement: Seventy-five percent of dermatologists surveyed prefer Dermactin to all other brands of skin cream. Why? We consulted dermatologists during the development of Dermactin to ensure that you have the best skin cream on the market. So if you need a skin cream, use Dermactin.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The advertisement overlooks", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4889, "premise": "State A has an alliance with state B, and state B has an alliance with state C. Therefore, state A has an alliance with state C.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Reasoning is illogical' is this reasoning system.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10386, "premise": "Umbilical cord blood refers to the blood left in the placenta and umbilical cord after the fetus is delivered and the umbilical cord is ligated and severed. The hematopoietic stem cells contained in umbilical cord blood have significant curative effect on leukemia, severe aplastic anemia, some malignant tumors and other diseases, which is no longer a valuable self-saving resource in life. Parents preserve umbilical cord blood for their newborns, which can provide protection for their children's health for the rest of their lives.", "hypothesis": "The preservation of umbilical cord blood is usually 50 milliliters, and such a small amount has little effect on the treatment of most adults does not weaken the conclusion discussed above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5197, "premise": "Spending the first year of a child's life in a nursery can cause anxiety. In our study, 464 children between the ages of 12 and 13 were tested with a situational test designed to test the relationship between children's 1-year-old status and their attachment to their mothers. The result: 41.5 percent of children who had been in day care and 25.7 percent of children who had been home care were rated as anxious and overly dependent on their mothers.", "hypothesis": "Most of the children who are cared for at home in the first year after birth are cared for by grandparents or grandparents, and form a strong family relationship is the least likely to challenge the conclusions of the study.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8768, "premise": "The number of crocodiles in the North Atlantic decreased, but the number of leopards increased significantly almost at the same time. Some people say that seals are responsible for the decline of crocodiles, which is not true because seals rarely feed on crocodiles.", "hypothesis": "The option \"Before the increase in the number of seals, the number of crocodiles in the North Atlantic decreased\" will most weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12733, "premise": "Automobile-emission standards are enforced through annual inspection. At those inspections cars are tested while idling; that is, standing still with their engines running. Testing devices measure the levels of various pollutants as exhaust gases leave the tail pipe.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'When emission standards are set, no allowances are made for older cars' most strongly indicates that current enforcement of automobile emission standards might be ineffective in controlling overall pollutant levels.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2504, "premise": "A says B is fat, B says C is fat, and C and D both say they are not fat.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the four statements is wrong, then only B and C must be fat.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11021, "premise": "At many electronics retail stores, the consumer has the option of purchasing product warranties that extend beyond the manufacturer' s warranty. However, consumers are generally better off not buying extended warranties. Most problems with electronic goods occur within the period covered by the manufacturer' s warranty.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some extended warranties on electronic goods cover the product for the period covered by the manufacturer's warranty as well as subsequent years' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8559, "premise": "Cornell University in the United States has studied the tongues of obese and normal mice and found that eating a diet high in fat can reduce the number of taste buds. Taste buds are structures on the tongue, including about 100 cells. After the mice gained weight, the rate of death of mature taste buds became faster, while the growth rate of new cells became slower. The loss of taste buds can lead to dull taste, which makes it difficult for obese people to eat a certain diet, because if they want to taste the same delicacy as normal people with 25% more taste buds than they do, they have to eat heavier food. This means eating more sugar, fat and calories.", "hypothesis": "The intended description of this passage is the physiological factors that obese people are more likely to gain weight.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14491, "premise": "A prominent investor who holds a large stake in the Burton Tool Company has recently claimed that <b> the company is mismanaged </b>, citing as evidence the company' s failure to slow production in response to a recent rise in its inventory of finished products. It is doubtful whether an investor' s sniping at management can ever be anything other than counterproductive, <b> but in this case it is clearly not justified </b>. It is true that an increased inventory of finished products often indicates that production is outstripping demand, but in Burton' s case it indicates no such thing. Rather, the increase in inventory is entirely attributable to products that have already been assigned to orders received from customers.", "hypothesis": "The two boldfaced portions in the argument play the role of evidence that has been used to support a position that the argument as a whole opposes, and providing information to undermine the force of that evidence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 104, "premise": "National heroes: who have made outstanding contributions in the struggle against foreign nations' aggression and oppression, including those who have defied brutal suppression and are not afraid of sacrifice in the struggle. in a nation.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Lei Feng is a national hero because he is a good soldier who serves the people wholeheartedly.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1035, "premise": "Studies show that taking breaks can increase productivity. When completing a complex and arduous task, take a break and do something simpler. The boss of one company applied this to his company by giving employees more time off, but instead of increasing productivity, it dropped significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Recently, the company's sales performance is not good, there is no obvious growth\" best explains the above contradiction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5990, "premise": "A scientist recently proposed a new idea: the Earth Plate movement began no later than 3.5 billion years ago. He reasoned that plate tectonics must transform the natural dark mafic rocks into light-colored felsic rocks. And by 3.5 billion years ago, the earth already had light-colored felsic rocks.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the explanation that felsic rocks account for a much higher proportion of the natural world than mafic rocks seems to be plate tectonics alone, but early plate tectonic movements are likely to have been intermittent and localized most challenges the expert's opinion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1286, "premise": "If public historiography belongs to history, then none of the three first-tier disciplines of history (Chinese history, world history and archaeology) can contain it alone, not to mention that it contains non-historical elements such as literature, communication, art and so on. In European and American universities, public historiography is either a professional degree program established by the history department or an interdisciplinary program established by the cooperation of history pedagogy and art major. Therefore, if Chinese public historiography wants to have its own unique discipline attribute, it must be clear on this point.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is 'What kind of discipline is public historiography?'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15025, "premise": "The tiny country of Minlandia does not produce its own television programming. Instead, the citizens of Minlandia, who generally are fluent not only in their native Minlandian, but also in Boltese, watch Boltese-language television programs from neighboring Bolta. Surveys show that the Minlandians spend on average more hours per week reading for pleasure and fewer hours per week watching television than people anywhere else in the world. A prominent psychologist accounts for the survey results by explaining that people generally prefer to be entertained in their native language even if they are perfectly fluent in other languages.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'When Minlandians watch Boltese television programs, they tend to ignore the fact that they are hearing a foreign language spoken' is an assumption required by the explanation offered by the psychologist to account for the Minlandians' behavior.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6262, "premise": "The content of r-globulin in the blood of tropical residents is higher, while the content of protein is lower. The content of protein in the blood of residents in the cold zone is higher, while the content of r-globulin is lower, which is related to the fact that residents in the cold zone are mainly meat, while tropical residents are mainly vegetarian.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of the above paragraph is that food structure affects the proportion of human blood components.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9548, "premise": "In recent years, with the development of mobile Internet, big data and artificial intelligence technology, a lot of new business type has emerged. For example, the very popular live broadcast with goods, and so on, many new products and even traditional products have achieved good results through the promotion of these new business type. Similar to new technologies such as push and live broadcast, new business type can stimulate those potential consumption. It shows that there is room for further exploration in the re-saturated market, and the key is whether consumers can find and meet more levels of needs other than the simple material needs of consumers, such as fruits, which can also be bought in supermarkets, but products with live broadcast are pushed from poor areas, and buying on the platform has an extra layer of social significance.", "hypothesis": "Making good use of new technology and new business type can explore a larger market is the most important part of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13981, "premise": "P: Because an elected official needs the support of a political party to be effective, the independent candidate for the legislature cannot possibly be an effective legislator is she wins. Q: I disagree. By your reasoning, our current legislator, who has the support of a political party, ought to have been effective, but he has not been.", "hypothesis": "It mistakenly interprets P to be claiming that a factor assures, rather than is necessary for, a legislator's effectiveness is the best criticism of Q's statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10968, "premise": "Kimmy is a world famous actress. Millions of people downloaded her leaked movie co-starring her previous boyfriend. Kimmy earns millions through her television show and marketing appearances. There' s little wonder that paparazzi track her every move.", "hypothesis": "The primary purpose of the argument is to establish that Kimmy is a highly compensated and extremely popular television and movie actress.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9773, "premise": "The restoration of ancient books is a very practical work, if you can not get in touch with ancient books, even if you have learned the relevant knowledge, it is difficult to improve the practical ability. Although the restoration of ancient books can be regarded as a skill, it requires literature, bibliography, and even background knowledge of science and engineering such as materials and chemistry to work better and requires a higher level of education. Libraries, museums and other recruitment units usually have high academic requirements for candidates for the restoration of ancient books, requiring bachelor's degree or above, but at present, the academic education of ancient books restoration major in our country is mainly higher vocational college education. This makes the talent needs of cultural and cultural institutions can not be met, and people with some practical skills are useless.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that the cultivation of talents for the restoration of ancient books is seriously out of touch with the actual needs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12713, "premise": "Lawyer: Juries are traditionally given their instructions in convoluted, legalistic language. The verbiage is intended to make the instructions more precise, but greater precision is of little use if most jurors have difficulty understanding the instructions. Since it is more important for jurors to have a basic but adequate understanding of their role than it is for the details of that role to be precisely specified, jury instructions should be formulated in simple, easily comprehensible language.", "hypothesis": "Each of the following, if true, strengthens the lawyer's argument EXCEPT the statement 'Jury instructions formulated in simple, easily comprehensible language can adequately describe the role of the jurors.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8162, "premise": "Peripheral products refer to goods made by authorizing the use of characters or animals in animation, comics, games and other works.", "hypothesis": "An entertainment company has developed a very popular animated film, which simultaneously launches toys and costumes of the protagonist's image belongs to the peripheral product according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10822, "premise": "At Flordyce University any student who wants to participate in a certain archaeological dig is eligible to do so but only if the student has taken at least one archaeology course and has shown an interest in the field. Many students who have shown an interest in archaeology never take even one archaeology course. Ttherefore, many students who want to participate in the dig will be ineligible to do so.", "hypothesis": "The flawed reasoning of the argument 'For a horse that is well schooled to be ideal for beginning riders that horse must also be surefooted and gentle. Many horses that are surefooted are not gentle. Therefore many well-schooled horses are not ideal for beginning riders' is most similar to that of the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6859, "premise": "I remember that he once expressed his dissatisfaction to me because some writers were too rigid in grammar, thinking that it was too trivial, too rigid, and too pedantic.", "hypothesis": "He thinks it is too rigid to stick to grammatical norms supports this view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5297, "premise": "The principle of exception means that the senior management personnel of the enterprise authorize the general daily affairs to be handled by the subordinate management personnel, and they themselves retain the decision-making and control rights of the exceptions, which are generally important matters.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the principle of exception is that in a management center, the deputy general manager has the right to decide on the determination of part-time personnel, while the general manager has the right to decide on the determination of full-time personnel.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14389, "premise": "A bacterial species will inevitably develop greater resistance within a few years to any antibiotics used against it, unless those antibiotics eliminate that species completely. However, no single antibiotic now on the market is powerful enough to eliminate bacterial species X completely.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is unlikely that any antibiotic can be developed that will completely eliminate bacterial species X' is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12640, "premise": "Although the earliest surviving Greek inscriptions written in an alphabet date from the eighth century B. C. , <b> the fact that the text of these Greek inscriptions sometimes runs from right to left and sometimes from left to right </b> indicates that the Greeks adopted alphabetic writing at least two centuries before these inscriptions were produced. After all, the Greeks learned alphabetic writing from the Phoenicians, and presumably, along with the alphabet, they also adopted the then-current Phoenician practice with respect to the direction of text. <b> And although Phoenician writing was originally inconsistent in direction, by the eighth century B. C. Phoenician was consistently written from right to left and had been for about two centuries </b>.", "hypothesis": "The first is evidence that forms the basis for an objection to the position that the argument seeks to establish; the second is a consideration that is introduced to counter the force of that evidence is the role played by the two portions in boldface in the argument given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4479, "premise": "The record of examination in criminal proceedings refers to the fact that the investigators conduct their own personal inspection and observation, and make objective records in order to determine certain characteristics, injuries and physiological state of the victim, suspect, defendant.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when interrogating the witness, the judge asked the investigators to show items related to the case for the witness to identify does not belong to the inspection in the inspection record in criminal proceedings.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10904, "premise": "If one does not have enough information to make a well-informed decision, one should not make a decision solely on the basis of the information one does possess. Instead, one should continue to seek information until a well-informed decision can be made.", "hypothesis": "Of the following, the statement 'When one wants to buy a reliable car, one should not choose which car to buy just on the inadequate basis of one's personal experience with cars. Rather, one should study various models' reliability histories that summarize many owners' experiences' most closely conforms to the principle stated above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3675, "premise": "Health transmission is a kind of behavior that transforms medical research results into public health knowledge, and reduces morbidity and mortality through the change of public life attitude and behavior mode, and effectively improves the life quality and health standard of a community or country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a provincial TV station broadcasting a drug advertisement for cataract prevention does not belong to health transmission.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12976, "premise": "In a study, parents were asked to rate each television program that their children watched. The programs were rated for violent content on a scale of one to five, with one indicating no violence and five indicating a great deal. The number of times their children were disciplined in school was also recorded. Children who watched programs with an average violence rating of three or higher were 50 percent more likely to have been disciplined than other children.", "hypothesis": "Each of the following, if true, helps to explain the statistical relationship described above EXCEPT: When parents watch violent programs on television with their children, those children become more likely to regard antisocial behavior as legitimate. This statement does not help to explain the statistical relationship described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5335, "premise": "Public policy is an action plan or action rule formulated by a social public authority in a specific situation to achieve a certain goal.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, policies of village committee is not a public policy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13749, "premise": "Most people who have taken a seminar for building organizational skills in the workplace have indeed become more organized as a result; however, despite having become more organized, few have become any more efficient.", "hypothesis": "Most people who have taken a seminar for building organizational skills in the workplace have below-average organizational skills before they enroll in the seminar would most help to resolve the apparent discrepancy described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8885, "premise": "If we do not try to raise the income of the low-income people, the society will be unstable; if the private economy is not allowed to get a return, the economy will not go up. In the face of the dilemma of income and distribution, it is correct to advocate that efficiency is priority and giving consideration to fairness. If we listen to the proposition that fairness is priority and give consideration to efficiency, China's economy will return to the era of neither efficiency nor fairness.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is that advocating that efficiency is priority and giving consideration to fairness will not bring the economy back to the era of neither efficiency nor fairness.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3343, "premise": "Inductive reasoning refers to reasoning from special to general.", "hypothesis": "Inductive reasoning is the process of making generalizations based on observations or specific examples. In the given statement, the speaker uses their knowledge of China's ancient civilization to draw a conclusion about their own cultural values, so it is an example of inductive reasoning. The statement can be transformed into the following: The process of making generalizations based on observations or specific examples is inductive reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9581, "premise": "Versailles literature refers to a way of speaking in a low-key but actually self-showing way of speaking in a variety of public occasions by suppressing and then raising, openly derogating and praising.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang said to his high school classmates who attended the party: my family lives at the foot of the hill. There are not many families nearby. The surroundings are very quiet. Sometimes squirrels break into the backyard, but it is a little far from the city center, and the traffic is not very convenient belongs to Versailles literature.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11991, "premise": "The official listing of an animal species as endangered triggers the enforcement of legal safeguards designed to protect endangered species, such as tighter animal export and trade restrictions and stronger antipoaching laws. Nevertheless, there have been many cases in which the decline in the wild population of a species was more rapid after that species was listed as endangered than before it was so listed.", "hypothesis": "Animals are more desirable to collectors when they are perceived to be rare does most to account for the increase in the rate of population decline described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 959, "premise": "Commodity price difference: refers to the price difference of the same commodity due to different circulation links, quality, purchase and sales areas and seasons.", "hypothesis": "Rice from Northeast China is cheaper in Northeast than in Hunan does not belong to the commodity price difference according to the definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12190, "premise": "Ostrich farming requires far less acreage than cattle ranching requires, and ostriches reproduce much faster than cattle. Starting out in cattle ranching requires a large herd of cows, one bull, and at least two acres per cow. By contrast, two pairs of yearling ostriches and one acre of similar land are enough to begin ostrich farming. The start-up costs for ostrich farming are greater, but it can eventually bring in as much as five times what cattle ranching does.", "hypothesis": "Cattle ranching is not a good source of income is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 72, "premise": "The Matthew effect refers to a phenomenon in which the good is better, the bad is worse, the more is more, and the less is less.", "hypothesis": "Anyone can just buy only one lottery ticket and win the jackpot does not belong to the Matthew Effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9746, "premise": "Affected by the film and television capital Winter and policy tightening, the overall size of the original series shrank in 2019. Film and television data show that the overall number of shows dropped by 6% in 2019, from 452 to 377, but the average score of the top 30 shows rose from 5.96 in 2018 to 6.51 in 2019, according to an authoritative film and television website. To a certain extent, this shows that after the number of episodes has been greatly reduced, the top boutique dramas have not been greatly affected, and the market has eliminated a number of non-boutique dramas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In 2018, the authoritative film and television website scored all the original series' will best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9940, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "If Hao Yun Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station, Hao Yun Station is to the west of Yin Ling Station can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4076, "premise": "Political emotion refers to the inner experience and feeling of political subjects in political life to the political system, political activities, political events and political figures, which is formed with the process of people's political cognition, and is a general term for the psychological reaction of various political object, love and hate only dare, beauty and ugliness.", "hypothesis": "Admiration for leaders and heroes, love for the motherland and the nation is not a political emotion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15149, "premise": "People with higher-than-average blood levels of a normal dietary by-product called homocysteine are twice as likely to be diagnosed with Alzheimer' s disease as are those with average or below-average homocysteine levels. Thus, it is likely that the risk of developing Alzheimer' s disease could be reduced by including in one' s diet large amounts of B vitamins and folic acid, which convert homocysteine into substances known to have no relation to Alzheimer' s disease.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Alzheimer's disease tends to increase the levels of homocysteine in the blood' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7557, "premise": "O2O marketing method: OnlineToOffline, which refers to a business marketing model that uses the Internet as the front desk and uses online marketing to drive offline consumption. It usually includes merchants providing online product information, discount information, service reservations, consumer online prepaid, offline consumption, etc,offline consumption and other links to complete commodity transactions.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A home appliance manufacturer uses the WeChat platform to regularly push new product listings and promotional information to subscribers. The user can complete the payment by scanning the QR code under the product in the push message with a mobile phone, and wait for delivery from nearby stores' is not an O2O marketing method.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5788, "premise": "A taxpayer of personal income tax is an individual who has a residence or no residence in China and has lived in the territory for one year and obtains income from within or outside China.Living in China without a residence and without a residence for less than one year. An individual who obtains income from the territory of China.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Li Yang, a professor at Peking University, has published a book in Singapore and received a fee for the manuscript is not a taxpayer of personal income tax in China.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11198, "premise": "Commentator: In the new century, only nations with all the latest electronic technology will experience great economic prosperity. The people in these nations will be constantly bombarded with images of how people in other countries live. This will increase their tendency to question their own customs and traditions, leading to a dissolution of those customs and traditions. Hence, in the new century, the stability of a nation' s cultural identity will likely __ .", "hypothesis": "The commentator's argument is most logically completed by the statement that a nation's rate of population growth will decrease if that nation comes to have a high level of economic wealth.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1102, "premise": "Due to iron deficiency, 40% to 60% of babies face the threat of brain retardation, and about 100,000 babies face the threat of death during the perinatal period every year. Based on the experience of developed countries and adapting to the dietary habits of the Chinese people, experts have proposed the status quo of iron-fortified soy sauce. As long as the consumption of iron soy sauce, the status quo of iron deficiency can be basically improved. The government accepted the opinions of experts, launched a national nutritional improvement project for iron-fortified soy sauce, and took measures to ensure that the price of iron soy sauce was equivalent to that of ordinary soy sauce. It is a pity that no one is aware of the public welfare nutrition improvement plan, and most of the iron soy sauce is sleeping on the shelves so far.", "hypothesis": "The main thrust of this passage is that the national nutrition improvement project of iron-fortified soy sauce cannot be quickly and effectively delivered to the public and accepted by the public.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7200, "premise": "A person summed up the legendary experience of Bill Gates and Dale and found that the secret to their success was dropping out of college.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between dropping out of college and success that is believed by that person is that one may succeed if he doesn't drop out of college.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12906, "premise": "Nutritionist: Many people claim that simple carbohydrates are a reasonable caloric replacement for the fatty foods forbidden to those on law-fat diets. This is now in doubt. New studies show that, for many people, a high intake of simple carbohydrates stimulates an overproduction of insulin, a hormone that is involved in processing sugars and starches to create energy when the body requires energy, or, when energy is not required, to store the resulting by-products as fat.", "hypothesis": "People who consume simple carbohydrates should limit their intake of foods high in fat is most strongly supported by the nutritionist's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12541, "premise": "Many banks have a drive-through automated teller machine, built into the wall flanking the driver' s side of a narrow aisle. Even though blind people obviously do not drive, these machines nonetheless invariably feature Braille -- the system of raised dots used by the blind for reading and writing -- in addition to the standard letters and numerals on their control panels.", "hypothesis": "In order to maximize profits per unit, manufacturers produce only a single model of automated teller machine does the most to explain the situation described.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13802, "premise": "From a magazine article: Self-confidence is a dangerous virtue: it often degenerates into the vice of arrogance. The danger of arrogance is evident to all who care to look. How much more humane the twentieth century would have been without the arrogant self-confidence of a Hitler or a Stalin!", "hypothesis": "The author attempts to persuade by doing all of the following EXCEPT using extreme cases to evoke an emotional response.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6276, "premise": "When using antibacterial drugs in the clinic, if choosing the type of drug according to the patient's personal situation, strictly requiring the dose and concentration of the first medication, and following strict regulations in the frequency of drug use and drug compatibility, the spread and deterioration of drug resistance can be controlled, although it cannot completely prevent drug-resistant strains.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on whether drug resistance will occur after the use of antibacterial drugs is controllable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12431, "premise": "A recent study examined the daytime and nighttime activity patterns of two populations of tree-dwelling lemurs -- the first living in a rain forest, where tree canopy cover is consistent year-round, and the second living in a deciduous forest, where many trees lose their leaves during the winter months. Both groups of lemurs were found to be more nocturnal during winter months than they were the rest of the year. However, the winter increase in nocturnal activity was significantly more pronounced for the population living in the deciduous forest than it was for the population living in the rain forest.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The primary predators for both lemur populations are high-flying birds that rely on their eyesight to hunt prey during daylight' most helps to explain the difference between the two lemur populations with respect to winter activity patterns.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5591, "premise": "Sulfur dioxide is the main cause of acid rain. A region is plagued by acid rain. In order to improve this situation, the region has reduced 118000 tons of sulfur dioxide from January to June, a year-on-year decrease of 9.1%. According to the monitoring, although the content of sulfur dioxide in the air in this region has decreased, the frequency of acid rain has increased by 7.1%.", "hypothesis": "The large increase of motor vehicles intensifies the emission of nitrogen oxides, which is also an important cause of acid rain best explains this phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11734, "premise": "Bookstore owner: Consumers should buy books only from an independent bookstore, not from a bookstore that belongs to a bookstore chain. An independent bookstore tends to carry a much wider variety of books than does a chain bookstore, so because chains often threaten the existence of independent bookstores, they tend to reduce the variety of books available to consumers.", "hypothesis": "The principle that 'the best interest of the bookselling business is not served when consumers purchase books from businesses whose existence tends to reduce the variety of books available to consumers' most helps to justify the bookstore owner's argumentation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10622, "premise": "In a recent study, one group of participants watched video recordings of themselves running on treadmills, and a second group watched recordings of other people running on treadmills. When contacted later, participants in the first group reported exercising, on average, 1 hour longer each day than did the other participants. This shows that watching a recording of yourself exercising can motivate you to exercise more.", "hypothesis": "In studies of identical twins, participants who observed their twin reading overreported by a significant amount how much time they themselves spent reading in the days that followed most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3649, "premise": "Decorating a house can lead to leukemia. According to the preliminary statistics of the hematology department of a hospital for more than a year, children who come to the hospital to see leukemia all show a common characteristic. Most of them carried out luxurious decoration of their houses within six months before the onset of the disease. The materials used include paint for beautifying walls, marble for the floor and other luxury building materials. Such children with leukemia account for 90% of the total number of children with leukemia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Children account for a higher proportion of leukemia patients' can best reinforce the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4041, "premise": "There are four orchards A, B, C and D, in which all the fruit trees in A orchard can be found in B orchard, the fruit tree species in C orchard include all the fruit tree species in B orchard, and some fruit trees in C orchard can also be planted in D orchard.", "hypothesis": "All the fruit trees in orchard A can be found in orchard C is correct based on the above conclusions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3425, "premise": "Trademark infringement refers to the use of a trademark by another person for a commercial purpose without the permission of the trademark owner, or the use of a major part of another person's trademark as his trademark on the same or similar goods, thus produces the trademark to confuse to deceive the consumer.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, producing the trademark 'Immortal Woman He' in the form of a branch factory by Enterprise B, without Enterprise A's knowledge, is a trademark infringement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6022, "premise": "Act and omission together constitute a legal act. Action means that the subject should make a certain action. Omission is a legal act performed in a passive manner without external action.", "hypothesis": "Dong reported the situation of someone stealing fiber optic cable from a neighboring village.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 431, "premise": "Reverse service is the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold.", "hypothesis": "An automobile 4S store provides customers with used car valuation and transfer services is not a reverse service according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9760, "premise": "Most of the earth's surface is covered by oceans, and life is born in the oceans. However, it is estimated that 80% of Earth's species live on land, compared to only 15% in the oceans, with the remaining 5% in freshwater. The researchers believe that the physical layout of terrestrial habitats may be more fragmented than the ocean, which is one of the main reasons for the greater diversity of terrestrial species.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Forests cover a lot of land, and leaves and branches create new habitats, as do corals in the ocean, but less so on the seafloor' would most strengthen the above researcher's point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9646, "premise": "In big data's wave of everything is quantifiable, the network has gradually become a mirror of the real world. With the increasing integration of the network society and the real society, the management of the government can no longer be limited to offline management. on the other hand, we must fully grasp the influence mechanism of the Internet on the behavior of the government and the public, the regulation law and its connection with the real society to realize the full linkage and coordination between the Internet and the real society.", "hypothesis": "The content of big data that this passage is intended to explain is that it expands the field of government governance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "If you are caught doing something stupid on the spot, you will admit your bad luck has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 38, "premise": "Some people believe that a large number of rural people have flowed into cities to work in recent years, which has caused chaos in urban social order and a decline in public security. It can be said that allowing rural populations to flow into cities is harmful and unhelpful. Therefore, the rural population in cities should be cleared and restricted them from going to cities for employment.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Too many migrants cause urban sanitation to go from bad to worse' refutes the above point of view the most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14854, "premise": "The average normal infant born in the United States weighs between 12 and 14 pounds at the age of three months. Ttherefore, if a three-month-old child weighs only 10 pounds, its weight gain has been below the United States average.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Average weight gain is not the same as average weight' indicates a flaw in the reasoning above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7279, "premise": "If Japan becomes a permanent member, Germany, India and Brazil will also become permanent members.", "hypothesis": "If Germany does not become a permanent member, India and Japan will not both be permanent members can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14049, "premise": "Powell: Private waste-removal companies spend 60 percent of what public waste-removal companies spend per customer, yet give their customers at least as good service. Private waste-removal companies, ttherefore, work more efficiently. Freeman: Your conclusion is unwarranted. Different customers have different wasteremoval needs. Since private companies, unlike their public counterparts, can select which customers to serve, they choose to exclude the potential customers whom they judge to be the most costly to serve.", "hypothesis": "The issue in dispute between Powell and Freeman is the relationship between the needs of a waste-removal customer and the amount of money it takes to serve that customer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8662, "premise": "Baihuashan Park is the largest free park for citizens in the city. The garden is planted with exotic flowers and a wide variety of characteristic tree species. Most of them are flowering plants. Because it is located in the temperate zone, there are more than half of the broad-leaved tree species in the park, and all kinds of rare tree species also exceed the general tree species. At the turn of spring and summer, the garden is full of flowers, and in the autumn harvest season, the branches are full of fruit.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, it can be inferred that the rare broad-leaved tree species in the park are more than the general non-broad-leaved tree species.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12886, "premise": "Copyright was originally the grant of a temporary government-supported monopoly on copying a work. Its sole purpose was to encourage the circulation of ideas by giving authors the opportunity to derive a reasonable financial reward from their works. However, copyright sometimes goes beyond its original purpose since sometimes __.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the argument is most strongly supported if the statement 'publication of copyrighted works is not the only way to circulate ideas' completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10670, "premise": "The position that punishment should be proportional to how serious the offense is but that repeat offenders should receive harsher punishments than first-time offenders is unsustainable. It implies that considerations as remote as what an offender did years ago are relevant to the seriousness of an offense. If such remote considerations were relevant, almost every other consideration would be too. But this would make determining the seriousness of an offense so difficult that it would be impossible to apply the proportionality principle.", "hypothesis": "The statement that considerations as remote as what an offender did years ago are relevant to the seriousness of an offense is a premise offered in support of an intermediate conclusion of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10552, "premise": "Politician: About 4 years ago, when our party came into power, it was committed to fighting inflation and successfully reduced the increase of the consumer price index (CPI) from 4% at the time to 1.5% now. The CPI rose by more than 4% during the previous four years of the opposition party's administration. Therefore, under the leadership of our party, the prices of commodities are getting lower and lower.", "hypothesis": "The politician's argument is most vulnerable to criticism because no mention was made of the possibility that the opposition party implemented a policy to combat inflation, but the effects of that policy would take some time to show up.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3292, "premise": "A:eat fish can make people smart.B:Yes, I do not love to eat fish since childhood, so I am stupid.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Anyone who loves eat fish must be smart' must be added as the premise in order to make B's argument valid.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8661, "premise": "Faith is the foundation of morality. Morality without faith is water without a source and a tree without roots. People without faith have no moral bottom line; and once a person has no moral bottom line, then the law is not binding on him. Law, morality and faith are the basic guarantee of the harmonious operation of the society, and faith is the cornerstone of the harmonious operation of the society.", "hypothesis": "Only when the society operates harmoniously can the foundation of morality and belief come into being, according to the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8488, "premise": "A poverty alleviation industrial base plans to grow four kinds of crops: purple potato, sweet potato, pumpkin and corn. The planting area of the four crops varies, and the following conditions need to be met: (1) either the planting area of purple potato is the largest, or the planting area of pumpkin is the largest; (2) if the planting area of purple potato is the largest, the planting area of sweet potato is the smallest.", "hypothesis": "The planting area of pumpkin is larger than that of corn can be inferred if the planting area of sweet potato is larger than that of corn.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1870, "premise": "In the Internet age, individual intellectuals felt aggrieved when they were attacked because of public expression, and they often mentioned the knowledge basis of their claims in the process of self-defense. In the process of interacting with the public, they rely solely on intellectual authority. As we all know, a public platform such as the Internet is not a single field of academic communication, and the praise and criticism of an opinion depends not only on its distance from academic authority, but also factors such as public sentiment and historical tradition.If the social elite blindly step on emptiness, it is bound to be farther and farther away from the people.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that popular sentiments and historical traditions determine whether personal views can be accepted.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8044, "premise": "Short-term and impending earthquake prediction are still a worldwide problem. At present, it is impossible to accurately predict the magnitude and time of an earthquake. Foreign seismologists generally believe that when plastic rocks or serpentinite in the lower crust are squeezed into cracks in the upper crust, it will cause earthquakes. These slippery serpentines are formed by the interaction of iron-and magnesium-rich minerals with water, producing hydrogen in the process. Once the layer breaks, hydrogen emerges through the cracks in the fault, resulting in a sharp increase in the concentration of hydrogen in the normal air.", "hypothesis": "The gist of this passage is that it reveals the relationship between earthquakes and stratigraphic faults.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9712, "premise": "Quoting an article in New Scientist magazine, Cleary said that the role of memory is not necessarily to remember the past, but to help us move into the future. Memory sometimes uses imagination and creation to let us know what to do next, or how to react in certain situations. Some people think that they have the ability to foresee the future, but they may be fragmented memories of the past. If the feeling of deja vu comes from an unremembered memory, it is easy to create the illusion that what happens next also comes from this memory and that you have psychic abilities.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People's memories are not necessarily memories of the past' is inconsistent with the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15123, "premise": "Journalist: A manufacturers' trade group that has long kept its membership list secret inadvertently sent me a document listing hundreds of manufacturing companies. A representative of the trade group later confirmed that every company listed in the document does indeed belong to the trade group. Because Bruch Industries is not listed on the document, it is evidently not a member of the trade group.", "hypothesis": "The journalist's reasoning in the argument is flawed because they do not present any evidence that the document names every member of the trade group.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6162, "premise": "In the early and mid-term of urbanization, the United States pursued the theory of free economy, and the market mechanism played a major role. The federal government's weak control measures led to excessive suburbanization, resulting in structural imbalances in urban development planning, disorderly expansion and spread of cities, and serious waste of land resources. A series of problems such as environmental damage. In this regard, in the later period of urbanization, the US government gradually increased its control efforts, through legislation and administrative intervention, strengthened urban planning and industrial planning, and gradually paid attention to environmental protection. Especially in the 1990s, the smart growth movement proposed by the US government had a profound impact on urbanization.", "hypothesis": "The enlightenment from this passage is that the government should plan and intervene in the development of urbanization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 575, "premise": "Definition is a logical method to reveal the essential attributes of objective things reflected in the concept, and its basic rules require that the definition must be proportionate, clear and unambiguous, not negative, not circular.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Teenagers are the flowers of the motherland meets the basic rules of definition().", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5801, "premise": "Several previous studies have linked chocolate consumption to an increased risk of heart disease.  But a newer, more reliable study concluded that chocolate consumption was not associated with heart disease.  Chocolate consumption is expected to increase dramatically after the findings are published.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning is based on the assumption that many people now eat chocolate because they have not heard the saying that chocolate can cause heart disease.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13652, "premise": "When a society undergoes slow change, its younger members find great value in the advice of its older members. But when a society undergoes rapid change, young people think that little in the experience of their elders is relevant to them, and so do not value their advice. Thus, we may measure the rate at which a society is changing by measuring the amount of deference its younger members show to their elders.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The deference young people show to their elders varies according to how much the young value their elders' advice\" is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6622, "premise": "Goldfish are actually domesticated crucian carp. About 2,000 years ago, ancient Chinese people began to breed gibel carp. As food and as ornamental fish. Over time, genetic mutations and artificial selection have introduced the orange, red, and yellow colors of the gibel carp, changing its dull image and producing the colorful goldfish we see today. The goldfish were introduced to Europe in the 17th century and to America in the 1850s.", "hypothesis": "The main content of the above text is the breeding of goldfish.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1052, "premise": "Professional identity refers to an individual's positive evaluation of his occupation.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Wei, a college student, has a sense of professional identity because he is going to return to his remote hometown to teach after graduating from college, thinking that the profession of teacher is great.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15089, "premise": "In economics, a Veblen good is an item which people buy in greater quantity when the price goes up. <b> According to the Law of Supply and Demand, when the price of an ordinary item goes up, demand drops, i. e. people buy fewer of them. </b> A Veblen good is a luxury item to which status is attached, such as a designer outfit or luxury car. As the price of such an item increases, its prestige increases, which makes the item that much more desirable. <b> Ttherefore, as the price increases, the demand also increases, and more of these items are sold. </b>", "hypothesis": "The first portion in boldface is a piece of evidence supporting the main conclusion, and the second portion in boldface is the main conclusion in the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10550, "premise": "In the pre-primary comprehensive ability test for 6-year-old children, the average score was 58 for the children who attended A preschool all day for 9 months, and the average score was 52 for the 9 months who attended the A preschool only in the morning, and only in the afternoon. The average score of 9 months in preschool A is 51; the average score of 9 months in preschool B is 54; and those 6-year-olds from low-income families who have not attended preschool, before entering the same primary school The average score in the comprehensive ability test is 32. Statistically, the difference between 32 points and the other scores mentioned above is significant.", "hypothesis": "The most reasonable hypothetical conclusion that can be drawn from the data given above is that there is a correlation between having attended preschool and comprehensive ability before primary school enrollment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4576, "premise": "Reverse service refers to the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold", "hypothesis": "An automobile 4S store does not provide reverse service according to the definition above because it provides customers with used car valuation and transfer services.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8348, "premise": "The blackmail of public opinion means the profit-seeking behavior of deliberately provoking trouble or controversy with outrageous words and deeds in order to arouse the attention of public opinion.", "hypothesis": "A singer, who has been silent for many years, suddenly announced that he was ready to return to the singing world after revealing his romantic relationship with many people from time to time on the entertainment website, causing an uproar inside and outside the circle belongs to the blackmail of public opinion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8352, "premise": "Language, like culture, is rarely self-sufficient, so the borrowing of words has been a common language phenomenon since ancient times. However, when foreign words enter a country, the local people will unconsciously mutate and transform their original appearance while adapting and absorbing new elements. With the passage of time, foreign words will gradually localize, grow for a long time, the origin is vague, the aspect is separated, and the variation is repeated. Once the exotic features of loanwords (such as phonemes, syllable composition, etc.) are diluted or disappeared in the user's consciousness, they will be regarded by the locals as part of their mother tongue.", "hypothesis": "The option 'The universality of the use of foreign words and the process of localization' focuses on the description of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2380, "premise": "The western Pacific Ocean is the area with the most concentrated seamount system in the world, but the understanding of seamounts here is very limited. The Mariana trench in the western Pacific Ocean is a plate subduction zone, and the seafloor geological movement is very active. The material composition and genesis of seamount volcanic rocks are of interest to marine geologists. The warm pool and the northern equatorial current in the western Pacific Ocean have an important impact on China's climate and are the focus of physical marine scientists. There is also the coral reef triangle with the highest marine biodiversity in the world, which is a hot area for the study of the origin and evolution of marine life. Therefore, marine scientists can carry out multi-disciplinary cooperative exploration and research of seamounts, such as hydrophysics, chemistry and biogenic elements, topography and geomorphology, geological environment and biological ecology.", "hypothesis": "The important value of carrying out scientific research in the western Pacific is mainly introduced in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3343, "premise": "Inductive reasoning refers to reasoning from special to general.", "hypothesis": "Inductive reasoning is when Zhang Qi is a teacher and wears a pair of glasses, Liu Le is an engineer and also wears a pair of glasses, and therefore intellectuals wear glasses.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10102, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Or get caught on the spot when you do something stupid, or don't do something stupid' has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 736, "premise": "Social self-organization refers to a social organization that is established spontaneously, develops independently, acts independently, has a certain scale, exists in the form of non-governmental organizations, and gradually moves from disorder to order.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the option \"A group of young people set up animal shelters to adopt all kinds of abandoned pets\" doesn't belong to social self-organization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8269, "premise": "Traditional village is a precious heritage of agricultural civilization. At present, the urgent task facing traditional villages is still strict protection. With the arrival of the era of information and intelligence, it is an important topic for the future to integrate traditional villages into the future, to locate their functions under the new pattern, and to re-integrate into urban and rural development. Because the development can reflect the value of the traditional village, the development will let the traditional village pass on. In the future, historical villages and towns will be more closely integrated with modern cities, and as the characteristic protection category and important focus of rural revitalization strategy, they will play an important role in the future urban and rural pattern and promote urban and rural development.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that traditional villages are in urgent need of strict protection.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7464, "premise": "If the public policy of a certain place is formulated correctly and implemented effectively, there will be no large-scale petitions. Only when the relevant decision-makers do not care about the masses will large-scale petitions occur. The public policy formulation of a certain place is correct, and the relevant decision-makers are also concerned. Relying on the masses and conducting in-depth actual investigations and studies, the local masses are satisfied with this.", "hypothesis": "If there is no large-scale petition in a certain place, then the public policy of that place is formulated correctly cannot be obtained based on the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6114, "premise": "The world memory project is a continuation of the world heritage project. The world heritage project was launched by UNESCO in 1972, 20 years earlier than the world memory project. It focuses on the cultural and natural heritage with outstanding significance and universal value in the natural and artificial environment, such as history, aesthetics and archaeology, Buildings or sites of scientific and anthropological research value. The world memory project focuses on documentary heritage, specifically manuscripts, precious documents in any medium preserved in libraries and archives, and records of oral history.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, the main difference between world heritage projects and world memory projects is heritage and literature.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14333, "premise": "A society can achieve a fair distribution of resources only under conditions of economic growth. There can be no economic growth unless the society guarantees equality of economic opportunity to all of its citizens. Equality of economic opportunity cannot be guaranteed unless a society' s government actively works to bring it about.", "hypothesis": "If the statements given are true, it can be properly concluded from them that a society can achieve a fair distribution of resources only if its government actively works to bring about equality of economic opportunity.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11030, "premise": "Mayor Pollister always repays his contributors by passing the laws they desire. Since Mayor Pollister recently passed the city' s first clean air act, he must have had a contributor to repay.", "hypothesis": "Mayor Pollister would not have passed the law unless he was doing so for a contributor is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7590, "premise": "The market economy has had a major impact on university education. The so-called unpopular majors and hot majors have emerged. The number of applicants is very different, which has seriously affected the normal education and academic research of universities.", "hypothesis": "University education should stay away from market economy is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9942, "premise": "Over the past three years, three canoes have been excavated successively on the beach of the Huaihe River in Xi County, Xinyang County, Henan Province. Among them, the first canoe was found under the beach of the Huaihe River of Zhangzhuang formation in Xuzhuang Village, suburban Township, Xixian County in 2010, which has been proved to be one of the earliest and largest canoes found in archaeology in China. The canoe is 9.3 meters long, 0.8 meters wide and 0.6 meters high. According to carbon-14 measurements, these canoes are made of the same materials as the wood produced in tropical Yunnan. This shows that in ancient times more than 3000 years ago, the climate of Henan was very similar to that of the tropics today. The climate on both sides of the middle and lower reaches of the Huaihe River is warm and humid, with tall and dense trees and a wide variety of animals and plants.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The two ends of the canoe are pointed, chiseled from a complete log and well preserved' can best support the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 167, "premise": "Cultural change refers to the change of the culture of an ethnic group caused by the development of the ethnic society or the contact between different ethnic groups. New things are added due to invention or borrowing, which leads to the loss of old things. It is a cultural change; Due to changes in the ecological environment and social life, some cultural factors automatically disappear even when there is no substitute, which is also a cultural change.", "hypothesis": "Due to the invention of cars, horse-drawn carriages in London gradually fade away from history is not cultural change according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6406, "premise": "The earth's hydrosphere consists of oceans, lakes, rivers, swamps, groundwater and glaciers, both liquid and solid water. According to scientists' estimates, the total water volume of the earth's surface is about 1.4 billion cubic kilometers, of which ocean water accounts for 97.3%, land water dominated by glaciers accounts for 2.7%, and water in the atmosphere is almost negligible compared to the former two.", "hypothesis": "Taking water from the atmosphere doesn't make much sense can not be inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9416, "premise": "A concurrent sentence is a sentence in which a facultative phrase acts as a predicate or an independent sentence. The concurrent sentence has the following characteristics: first, the predicate of the concurrent sentence is composed of verb-object phrases and subject-predicate phrases, and the object of verb-object phrases is also the subject of subject-predicate phrases. Second, most of the concurrent sentences have the meaning of causative, so the former predicate in the sentence is mostly served by the causative verb. Third, the predicate in the sentence is the purpose or result of the previous action, that is, there is a certain semantic connection between the two verbs before and after the sentence. I asked him to give a report is a concurrent sentence.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, I went to the library to borrow a book to read does not belong to a concurrent sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2431, "premise": "In a restaurant, a table of people talked about business over dinner. Among them, three are from Chengdu, three are from Shenzhen, and two are only engaged in mechanical and electrical business. Three people are in the cosmetics business at the same time.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertion is true, then it may be at least three people and a maximum of nine people is also true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4117, "premise": "Five people, A, B, C, D, and E were traveling by high-speed rail. They happened to sit in the same row of seats A, B, C, D, and F. Known: (1) If one of A or B is sitting In Block C, then C is sitting in Block B; (2) If E is sitting in Block C, then D is sitting in Block F.", "hypothesis": "C is sitting in C can be inferred if D is sitting in B.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9141, "premise": "The important difference between civilized man and savages or other animals is that instinctive impulses are suppressed by foresight, only when a man does something not by instinctual impulses, but because his reason tells him that in the future At some point he would benefit from it, and that's when the real foresight came. Ploughing the land is a deliberate act, people work in the spring to eat in the winter", "hypothesis": "The assumption upon which the above argument relies is that the stronger the inhibition of one's own instinctual impulses, the greater the tolerance of the present pain, and the higher the degree of civilization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3681, "premise": "Premeditated intention refers to the psychological attitude that the actor commits the crime after a period of preparation.", "hypothesis": "An accountant deliberately forgot to lock the door, so that the financial office was stolen, but he got a lot of money is not premeditated intention.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12557, "premise": "Godinez: In the past, land was sometimes measured by the amount of time required to plow it. Thus, two plots of equal physical dimensions were considered unequal if one was more difficult to plow than the other. However, knowing how long an area takes to plow reveals little about how many apartment complexes it can hold. Ttherefore, it became necessary to adopt new measures of land, such as acreage, when land uses diversified.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion drawn in Godinez's argument is that it is now easier to measure a piece of land in terms of acres than in terms of plowing time.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14838, "premise": "Sales manager: The highest priority should be given to the needs of the sales department, because without successful sales the company as a whole would fail. Shipping manager: There are several departments other than sales that also must function successfully for the company to succeed. It is impossible to give the highest priority to all of them.", "hypothesis": "The shipping manager criticizes the sales manager's argument by pointing out an absurd consequence of its apparent assumption that a department's necessity earns it the highest priority.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5152, "premise": "The race schedule of the car rally is divided into two parts, the driving section and the special section (stage). The driving section refers to the part between the two special sections, and the driver only needs to arrive at the new special section before the specified time. There is a limit time for the special section. For example, if the distance between point A and point B is 50 kilometers, and if the car can arrive in 30 minutes at the fastest, the time limit of the car must be less than 30 minutes, such as 27 minutes. When the driver takes more than 27 minutes from point A to point B, there will be a penalty time, and the winner will be the one who has least penalty time.", "hypothesis": "Car rallying is a popular sport can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8032, "premise": "The ancients wrote poems. I thought about it for three years before I wrote these two lines. When I read it, I can't help but burst into tears. Writing a novel used to be a state of closing the door and refusing guests to visit. Nowadays many writers write several novels a year. Hundreds of thousands of words were written in a month. There is no accumulation of life, no careful consideration of life, no careful layout of writing, no careful consideration and repeated revision of words, how can there be high-quality works? How can we resist the elimination of time? If creation is different from other work, the difference lies in creativity; if it is difficult, it also lies in creativity. It is not only different from its predecessors, but also different from itself.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this passage is that only when you devote yourself to creation for a long time will you produce high-quality works.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1803, "premise": "Opportunity distribution can not only have an important impact on the results of income distribution, but also directly affect the efficiency of social economic development. Under the unfair distribution of opportunities, some people will get development opportunities for some special reasons, but those who get the opportunities are likely to lack the ability to take advantage of development opportunities to engage in social labor and creativity. This will inevitably lead to a decline in the production efficiency of the labor or business projects they are engaged in, and then affect the economic development efficiency of the whole society. Giving opportunities to truly talented people and putting the right people in the right positions is the basis for the healthy operation of the economic system. Only by achieving equality of opportunity can we maximize social vitality and people's enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, and improve social labor productivity and the development level of productive forces.", "hypothesis": "The intended explanation of this passage is \"fair distribution of opportunities helps to improve the efficiency of social and economic development.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6965, "premise": "In order to reverse the prejudice of emphasizing the accumulation of fixed assets and neglecting the accumulation of liquidity, we must maintain a reasonable ratio of investment in fixed assets to investment in liquidity. According to experience, it is more appropriate for working capital investment to account for 30% of the total investment. According to the relevant documents, when arranging new enterprises or expanding old enterprises, a certain amount of working capital investment should be arranged to avoid the lack of working capital to form production capacity after the completion of the project.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that a reasonable proportion of investment in fixed assets and working capital must be maintained.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14763, "premise": "Though many insects die soon after reproducing for the first time, some may live for years after the survival of the next generation has been secured. Among the latter are some insects that work for the benefit of the ecosystem -- for example, bees.", "hypothesis": "Survival of the species, rather than of the individual, can be properly inferred from the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1768, "premise": "In the first half of the year, it is almost the lowest grass on the grassland, only one inch high, but after half a year, once the rain comes, it is like magic, three or five days later, it has a height of 1.6 to 2 meters. It turns out that during the first six months, instead of not growing at all, it has been growing roots. Before the rainy season, although it appears an inch, its roots are more than 28 meters underground.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The stronger the foundation, the greater the potential for development' is a revelation for us.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6387, "premise": "There are some extreme examples, in any era, in any system, but in terms of People's Daily lives, how they treat life, other people, pain, fear, dignity, or the achievements of others, is the most revealing of the universal values that govern the daily behavior of people in a country. Turn a blind eye to car killed people, not to hand down the old man, there are all sorts of multifarious fraud and cheating, everything, displayed on the values of the abuses than battlefield deserters, protest marches in conflict and more gruesome death, just because it's so homely, really has been used by us.", "hypothesis": "The so-called values should be reflected in People's Daily life is the most appropriate topic sentence for the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13500, "premise": "Flagpole Army Base in Oregon and Klondike Army Base in Alaska are similar bases with similar duty loads. Despite the similarities, Klondike always has had more men than Flagpole has. Clearly, each soldier at Klondike must have to perform a smaller share of the duties, and ttherefore soldiers at Klondike must have more free time than do soldiers at Flagpole.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, it would be most useful to know whether the morale level at Klondike is higher than the morale at Flagpole.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10386, "premise": "Umbilical cord blood refers to the blood left in the placenta and umbilical cord after the fetus is delivered and the umbilical cord is ligated and severed. The hematopoietic stem cells contained in umbilical cord blood have significant curative effect on leukemia, severe aplastic anemia, some malignant tumors and other diseases, which is no longer a valuable self-saving resource in life. Parents preserve umbilical cord blood for their newborns, which can provide protection for their children's health for the rest of their lives.", "hypothesis": "At present, umbilical cord blood, peripheral blood and bone marrow have become the three major sources of hematopoietic stem cells does not weaken the conclusion discussed above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 615, "premise": "Appeal to ignorance is a logical fallacy. It means that people specify a thing as correct only because it has not been proved wrong, or conclude that a thing is wrong only because it has not been proved to be correct.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, appeal to ignorance belongs to many people claim to have seen ghosts, so ghosts exist.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5969, "premise": "According to historical records, the ancient Dian Kingdom in the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period lasted more than 500 years, and its position in Yunnan history is quite important. The bronze culture of the ancient Dian Kingdom absorbed and integrated the cultural essence of different regions and nations. However, after the Eastern Han Dynasty, the ancient Dian Kingdom The country has mysteriously disappeared, and there is no record in history books after the Tang Dynasty. In recent years, thousands of ancient Dian bronzes have been unearthed from the Lijiashan Tombs in Jiangchuan County on the south bank of Fuxian Lake, and the Jinning Stone connected to the north bank of Fuxian Lake .The Dianwang seal was once unearthed in Zhaishan. Based on this, archaeologists speculated that the ancient underwater city of Fuxian Lake in Yunnan is the ancient Dianwang city that mysteriously disappeared.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'According to experts, the ancient underwater city of Fuxian Lake is in the same historical period as the ancient Dian Kingdom' can best support the above speculation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1424, "premise": "Bacon once said, knowledge is power. Nowadays, in the information age, people can say that information is power, information, the technology and infrastructure to spread information, and the ability to master and apply information technology, which constitute a new source of rights. The network infrastructure all over the world, the continuously increasing network transmission rate, the increasingly perfect mobile portable Internet terminals, and the high-speed expansion of new media applications based on the digitization of interpersonal networks make the flow of information at a high speed and realize the transnational movement in real time. The emergence of video websites and social networking sites makes the information flow with simplicity, symbolization and fragmentation easier to spread, pay attention to, and therefore easier to respond to. The power of actors who can influence this flow of information will be enhanced, otherwise, it will be weakened.", "hypothesis": "Aggravates the imbalance of global information resources is emphasized in this paragraph with regard to network information technology and the use of new media.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10365, "premise": "There are 6 pieces of blue and white porcelain: S, Y, M, Q, K, X. The age of each piece is different, and the exhibition is sorted from the earliest to the latest from left to right. The known conditions are as follows: (1) the age of M is earlier than that of X. (2) if the age of Y is earlier than that of M, then the age of Q is earlier than that of K and X. (3) if the age of M is earlier than that of Y, then the age of K is earlier than that of Q and X. (4) the age of S is either earlier than Y or M, and it can't have both.", "hypothesis": "If X is older than S, the age of S is earlier than that of M may be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4094, "premise": "Employee Assistance Program is a set of long-term and systematic welfare programs set up by the company for employees. Professionals provide professional guidance and consultation to employees and their immediate family members, aiming to help solve various psychology and behaviors of employees and their family members Problems and improve the work performance of employees in the company.", "hypothesis": "The Employee Assistance Program is the guidance provided by a company's psychologist to help Pharaoh improve his communication with his wife and improve his mood.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14625, "premise": "Accidents involving drivers who do not wear seatbelts have been shown to cause higher rates of serious injury than accidents involving drivers who do wear seatbelts. Because drivers who do not wear seatbelts can end up costing taxpayers money in medical bills, Thoracic County should make it illegal to drive without a seatbelt.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Within Thoracic County, the majority of citizens already wear their seatbelts' provides the most support for the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2445, "premise": "n order to improve the quality of students, the school offers two kinds of elective courses: arts and science. Statistics show that some students have taken all liberal arts elective courses, while others have taken all science elective courses,", "hypothesis": "Some people only take science elective courses must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13457, "premise": "Governments have only one response to public criticism of socially necessary services: regulation of the activity of providing those services. But governments inevitably make the activity more expensive by regulating it, and that is particularly troublesome in these times of strained financial resources. However, since public criticism of childcare services has undermined all confidence in such services, and since such services are socially necessary, the government is certain to respond.", "hypothesis": "The cost of providing child-care services will increase can be inferred from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13348, "premise": "Antibiotics are standard ingredients in animal feed because they keep animals healthy and increase meat yields. However, scientists have recommended phasing out this practice, believing it may make antibiotics less effective in humans. If meat yields are reduced, however, some farmers will go out of business.", "hypothesis": "If antibiotic use in animal feed is phased out, some farmers will go out of business unless they use other means of increasing meat yields is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7555, "premise": "Tent Theory: the capacity of a tent depends not only on the area of the tent, but also on the height of the bamboo poles that support it. The higher the bamboo pole, the bigger the tent capacity. It is a metaphor for using core competence to drive other factors and finally gain competitive advantage.", "hypothesis": "The overall design of a certain mobile phone is not avant-garde, the configuration is quite popular, and the price is relatively high. It was not favored by industry experts. After being listed, it has been favored by users with its large screen, and its sales have ranked first for several weeks does not conform to the tent theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13652, "premise": "When a society undergoes slow change, its younger members find great value in the advice of its older members. But when a society undergoes rapid change, young people think that little in the experience of their elders is relevant to them, and so do not value their advice. Thus, we may measure the rate at which a society is changing by measuring the amount of deference its younger members show to their elders.", "hypothesis": "How much deference young people show to their elders depends on how much of the elders' experience is practically useful to them is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14966, "premise": "Editorialist: In all cultures, it is almost universally accepted that one has a moral duty to prevent members of one' s family from being harmed. Thus, few would deny that if a person is known by the person' s parents to be falsely accused of a crime, it would be morally right for the parents to hide the accused from the police. Hence, it is also likely to be widely accepted that it is sometimes morally right to obstruct the police in their work.", "hypothesis": "The editorialist's argument takes for granted that the parents mentioned in the example are not mistaken about their child's innocence. This makes the argument vulnerable to criticism.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11108, "premise": "Numerous books describe the rules of etiquette. Usually the authors of such books merely codify standards of behavior by classifying various behaviors as polite or rude. However, this suggests that there is a single, objective standard of politeness. Clearly, standards of politeness vary from culture to culture, so it is absurd to label any one set of behaviors as correct and others as incorrect.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument overlooks the possibility that authors of etiquette books are purporting to state what is correct behavior for one particular culture only.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9163, "premise": "A unit arranges 6 people on duty on The first day, the second day, the third day of the new year. They are G., H, K, L, P, and S. Two people are required to be on duty every day. The personnel arrangement must meet the following conditions: (1) L and P must be on duty on the same day. (2) G and H cannot be on duty on the same day. (3) If K is on duty in the first day, then G is on duty in the second day. (4) ) If S is on duty in the third day, then H is on duty in the second day.", "hypothesis": "If H is on duty on the same day as the day before S, then H is on duty in the first day must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1908, "premise": "Since its establishment in 1974, the Independent Commission against Corruption (ICAC) has vigorously cracked down on corruption, investigating more than 2200 corruption and bribery cases and prosecuting 1355 unscrupulous government officials. In a small place in Hong Kong, there are so many investigations and so many people involved, but it has not hindered Hong Kong's economic development and prosperity.", "hypothesis": "The argument is supported by the statement that the fight against corruption itself will not affect economic construction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5597, "premise": "Definition: 1. administrative compensation: a kind of compensation liability borne by the state when the administrative subject illegally implements the administrative act, infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of the opposite party, and causes damage. 2. administrative compensation: the state administrative organ and its staff have caused losses to the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons or other organizations due to legal administrative acts in the process of managing state and social public affairs, The system of compensation by the state according to law. 3. administrative recoupment: after the administrative compensation obligation organ pays the compensation expenses to the administrative compensation claimant on behalf of the state, it shall order the organizations and individuals with intentional or gross negligence to bear part or all of the compensation expenses according to law. Example: Li's homestead was expropriated by the state, Obtained various compensation of 60000 yuan. An urban construction law enforcement brigade damaged adjacent legal buildings when demolishing illegal buildings. Later, the law enforcement brigade privately compensated the house owner. Interpol Zhao seriously injured the suspect by extorting confessions by torture. After the public security organ compensated the party, it ordered Zhao to bear part of the medical expenses", "hypothesis": "2 examples meet one of the three definitions of appeal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10796, "premise": "The caterpillar of the monarch butterfly feeds on milkweed plants, whose toxins make the adult monarch poisonous to many predators. The viceroy butterfly, whose caterpillars do not feed on milkweed plants, is very similar in appearance to the monarch. Ttherefore, it can be concluded that the viceroy is so seldom preyed on because of its visual resemblance to the monarch.", "hypothesis": "If it were discovered to be true that toxicity to predators is the principal means of protection for only a few butterfly species, this would most seriously undermine the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14149, "premise": "The incidence in Japan of most types of cancer is remarkably low compared to that in North America, especially considering that Japan has a modern life-style, industrial pollution included. The cancer rates, however, for Japanese people who immigrate to North America and adopt the diet of North Americans approximate the higher cancer rates prevalent in North America.", "hypothesis": "The higher cancer rates of Japanese immigrants to North America are caused by fats in the North American diet is the statement that is supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7368, "premise": "Time syndrome refers to symptoms caused by psychological distress, tension, and changes in physical activity due to the urgency of time.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Ming is in the fifth grade of elementary school and loves skateboarding, but he does not miss his homework. He goes home from school every afternoon. He always races against time, finishes his homework quickly, and then asks his companions to go skateboarding with him is a time syndrome.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11420, "premise": "Companies that offer employer sponsored insurance (ESI) pay a portion of employees' health care costs. In the manufacturing sector last year, companies that offered ESI had worker absentee rates 22% lower, on average, than those at companies that did not offer ESI.", "hypothesis": "Many firms in the manufacturing sector have improved workplace safety and decreased the occurrence of on-the-job injuries in the last five years, and most of these companies introduced ESI at the same time would most seriously weaken the argument that ESI decreases worker absenteeism.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10168, "premise": "In a magic show, from the seven magicians - G.H.K.L.N.P and Q, select 6 to perform, perform into two teams: 1 team and 2 team. Each team by the front, middle and after three positions, playing the magician just each occupies a position, the selection and position arrangement of the magician must meet the following conditions :(1) if the arrangement of G or H play, they must be in the front. (2) If K is to play, he must be in the middle. (3) If L is to play, he must be in team 1. (4) Neither P nor K can be on the same team as N. (5) P cannot be in the same team as Q. (6) If H is in team 2, Q is in the middle position of team 1.", "hypothesis": "Front: Q Middle: K Rear: L is an acceptable arrangement for team 1 if H is in team 2.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3470, "premise": "The so-called area source pollution refers to the dissolved or solid pollutants flowing into the receiving water body (including rivers, lakes, reservoirs and bays) through the runoff process from non-specific places under the scouring action of precipitation (or snow melting), and causing water eutrophication or other forms of pollution. It is a type of water environment pollution relative to point source pollution.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the industrial sewage from the paper mill is discharged into the lake through the sewage pipe without treatment belongs to area source pollution.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5590, "premise": "When attacked by pests, soybeans and other plants produce a hormone called jasmonate, which starts a series of chemical reactions to synthesize more protease inhibitors and enhance their resistance, Its digestive function will be inhibited. Plant biologist drusia found that high concentration of carbon dioxide will cause plants to lose the ability to secrete jasmonate, and the whole defense channel will be closed, so the pest resistance of soybean crops will gradually weaken with the increase of carbon dioxide content.", "hypothesis": "Soybean production will be affected by air conditions can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 133, "premise": "There are four blood types: A, B, O, and AB. People with the same blood type can transfuse each other. Only people with O type can be transfused to people of any blood type, but only O type can be accepted, and the other three cannot be accepted. Only people with blood type AB can accept blood of any type, but they can only be transfused to people with blood type AB. People of the other three blood types cannot accept blood type AB. It is known that Zhao is of blood type A. Qian can't accept Zhao's blood, nor can he transfuse to Zhao, Sun can accept Zhao's blood, but can't transfuse to Zhao, Li can't accept Zhao's blood, but can transfuse to Zhao.", "hypothesis": "Qian's blood type is AB, Sun's blood type is O, and Li's blood type is B.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13457, "premise": "Governments have only one response to public criticism of socially necessary services: regulation of the activity of providing those services. But governments inevitably make the activity more expensive by regulating it, and that is particularly troublesome in these times of strained financial resources. However, since public criticism of childcare services has undermined all confidence in such services, and since such services are socially necessary, the government is certain to respond.", "hypothesis": "The government will use funding to foster advances in child care can be inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7905, "premise": "An economic expert pointed out that the key to the success of central macro-control lies in how to arrange as many employees as possible and take into account the basic stability of prices. Inflation is not the most terrible thing. It is impossible to maintain high economic growth without a certain amount of inflation.", "hypothesis": "The main point of view supported in the above paragraph is that improper employment arrangement is more harmful than inflation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 903, "premise": "Babe's law is a social psychology effect. It means that after a person experiences a strong stimulus, the stimulus given again becomes insignificant to him (her). In terms of psychological feelings, the first big stimulus can dilute the second small stimulus.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhao bought 100 lottery tickets and after scratching them one by one, there were more than 20 winning prizes, which made him ecstatic is in line with Babe's law according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5914, "premise": "Whether the world's food demand can maintain a balance depends on the speed of population and economic growth. Population growth will lead to an increase in food intake; on the other hand, economic growth will promote an increase in the consumption of livestock products, change people's food structure, and thus affect the global Grain demand has an impact.", "hypothesis": "Population growth will lead to an increase in world consumption of livestock products can be derived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 573, "premise": "Babe's Law is a social psychological effect, which refers to when a person experiences strong stimulation, then the stimulation to him or her becomes insignificant, in terms of psychological feelings, the first stimulation can dilute the second small stimulation.", "hypothesis": "When housing price skyrocketed to 50,000 yuan per square meter, it was no surprise that people were selling apples for 50 yuan per kilogram is consistent with Babe's law according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14151, "premise": "A construction project has been tasked with building a four-lane road from a remote mountain fortress to a major expressway lying at the base of the mountain. The slope leading to the mountain fortress is so precipitous that the only conceivable way to carry out the project is by building the road downhill, since construction equipment is able to move down, but not up, the steep terrain. The foreman has devised the following solution: dismantle each construction vehicle and tie a part upon the back of a donkey, an animal capable of making the steep ascent. The foreman has at his disposal more than 100 donkeys, each of which is capable of making multiple trips up the mountain.", "hypothesis": "Whether the strongest donkey is able to transport the heaviest piece of equipment is most important in order for the foreman's plan to be successful.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5873, "premise": "China's scientific research environment continues to improve. Data show that in 2016, China's total research and development investment was 1.57 trillion yuan, making it the second largest research and development investment country in the world after the United States. With a series of national key innovation projects, the focus is Disciplines and key laboratories have been established one after another. Today, China has the ability to provide researchers with scientific research conditions that are not inferior to Western countries.", "hypothesis": "The increase in scientific research funding plays a pivotal role in improving the scientific research environment can best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7790, "premise": "Rickets mood is one kind of the mood that is suppressed or that cannot be fully revealed or fully exploited.", "hypothesis": "Xiaomao in the unit has been praised. This year, due to the limited number of places and failed to be evaluated, Xiaoao is not happy about it. Only recently has his mood improved considerably does not belong to the rickets mood.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8163, "premise": "Green transportation refers to the transportation characterized by saving energy and reducing exhaust gas emissions. The ways of its implementation mainly include: reasonable selection of means and routes of transport, overcoming circuitous and repeated transportation, in order to achieve the goal of energy saving and emission reduction; improving the technology of internal combustion engines and the use of clean fuel to improve energy efficiency; prevent leakage in the process of transportation to avoid serious environmental harm to local areas.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the transportation of logistics in a certain place that makes full use of renewable fuel and hybrid power technology, and drivers are trained regularly, does not belong to green transportation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6845, "premise": "Confucianism holds that it is impossible for a person to obtain happiness without virtue. Happiness in life is reflected in personal good deeds, and the process of people's continuous improvement of personal virtues is the process of pursuing happiness. In order to practice virtue, one cannot insist on the enjoyment of material life, even if it is a meal, a ladle of drink, as long as the high moral character can be cultivated, such asceticism is also happy.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that virtue is a prerequisite for happiness.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13569, "premise": "Science teacher: In any nation, a flourishing national scientific community is essential to a successful economy. For such a community to flourish requires that many young people become excited enough about science that they resolve to become professional scientists. Good communication between scientists and the public is necessary to spark that excitement.", "hypothesis": "The extent to which a national scientific community flourishes depends principally on the number of young people who become excited enough about science to resolve to become professional scientists is the content that the science teacher's statements provide the most support for.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1113, "premise": "It is understood that in response to the phenomenon of falsely high drug prices, the National Development and Reform Commission hopes that through statistics from the Drug Administration, since the government resumed control of the prices of some drugs, it has carried out 17 drug price cuts. Up to now, the national medical insurance catalog has been formulated and adjusted. The highest retail price of more than 1,000 medicines. However, due to the cumbersome circulation and dark-box operation, the price of medicines is still very high, and the actual drug prices are still quite different from the expectations of patients.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, it has become a top priority to reduce the price of medicines by reducing circulation links and implementing transparent operations.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5218, "premise": "Lyme disease, like many other zoonosis. It is transmitted by insects that carry the pathogen by sucking the blood of vertebrate hosts. Scientists have long thought that population density of white-footed deer is the best predictor of Lyme disease. However, a 13-year study of the ecological determinants of Lyme disease in a Lyme disease-prone area of southeast New York disproved this view, because in years of high Lyme disease incidence, populations of white-footed deer are generally lower than in years when the incidence of Lyme disease is low.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the increase in Whitefoot's population is a portent to outbreaks of other diseases underlies the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12294, "premise": "Press Secretary: Our critics claim that the President' s recent highway project cancellations demonstrate a vindictive desire to punish legislative districts controlled by opposition parties. They offer as evidence the fact that 90 percent of the projects canceled were in such districts. But all of the canceled projects had been identified as wasteful in a report written by respected nonpartisan auditors. So the President' s choice was clearly motivated by sound budgetary policy, not partisan politics.", "hypothesis": "The scheduled highway projects identified as wasteful in the report were not mostly projects in districts controlled by the President's party is an assumption on which the press secretary's argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7799, "premise": "To build a conservation-oriented society in an all-round way is to promote conservation through development and ensure development through conservation. If the level of resource-saving technology and management is further improved and the relevant policies and regulations for a conservation-oriented society are further improved, then environmental protection can be more powerful guarantee. Only by strengthening the consciousness of resource conservation can the efficiency of resource utilization be fully improved.", "hypothesis": "Only when the relevant policies and regulations of the conservation-oriented society are further improved, can the management level of resource conservation be further improved can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6482, "premise": "There are two factors that have a great adverse impact on the results of scientific research: one is the prevailing atmosphere of secrecy in scientific research and the other is the lack of personal freedom of researchers.", "hypothesis": "The wrong understanding of this passage is that the prevailing atmosphere of secrecy in scientific research determines the lack of personal freedom for researchers.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1812, "premise": "No matter what the reason, the vulgarization of network language has caused harm to the construction of network civilization and even reduced the degree of civilization of the whole society.At present, the development path of the network language has been very clear, from the virtual space to the spoken language, after entering the written language, it may eventually precipitate into all aspects of the language application. If the network vulgar language is allowed to develop, over time, they will become idioms.", "hypothesis": "The intended option to be explained in this passage is 'It is urgent to take measures to control the vulgarization trend of network language.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6757, "premise": "A beautiful face is often the result of averaging. Scientific research has found that the more people's faces are combined with computers, the more attractive the new faces are. Two faces are only ordinary people, and 32 faces can be made into beauties. This may be because the average face masks the original incongruity, or it may be because the average face is very symmetrical, which is one of the signs of health.", "hypothesis": "The attractiveness of faces may be due to coordination, or it may be due to health summarizes this passage most accurately.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1663, "premise": "here are more than 130 enterprises producing infant formula in China, while there are only 4 enterprises in the United States. by contrast, the number of infants and young children who eat formula in the United States is much higher than that in China. Imagine that if only four enterprises produce formula milk powder, enterprises will cherish the value of their own brands and constantly strengthen their awareness of food safety. Any possible food safety risks will not be tolerated by the enterprises themselves. It is unthinkable to have a problem like melamine.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A company is a well-known company that produces dairy products in my country. Its brand value is very high, but melamine has been detected in the dairy products it produces' would most weaken the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4630, "premise": "Informal employment refers to a staged, unstable employment method that is not included in the social security system under conditions of fierce competition and imperfect system.", "hypothesis": "General Motors Workers are informal employees.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7669, "premise": "Zhang is dead. The medical examiner found out that he died of poisoning. Zhang's two neighbors An and B said this to police Zhao who came to investigate. A: if Zhang died of murder, his death had something to do with his wife Li , because she was divorcing with Zhang during this period; B: Zhang either committed suicide or died of murder, which could not be an accident. After listening to the words of A and B, police Zhao made the following two judgments: (1) if what A and B said were right or wrong, then Zhang died in an accident; (2) if one of A and B was wrong, then Zhang did not die in an accident. Later, after ascertaining the facts, it was found that police Zhao's judgment was correct.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, Li killed Zhang can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 256, "premise": "Action thinking is also called intuitive action thinking. Its basic characteristic is that thinking and action are inseparable, and one cannot think without action. The task or topic of action thinking is related to the object that is directly perceived at present, and the way of thinking to solve the problem is not based on appearances and concepts, but based on current perceptions and actual operations.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, architect draws a design drawing on the computer cannot be considered action thinking.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10988, "premise": "All historians are able to spot trends. But anyone able to spot trends is able to distinguish the significant from the insignificant. Thus anyone who can distinguish the significant from the insignificant is a historian.", "hypothesis": "The flawed reasoning in the argument above resembles that in the argument 'People living in open and democratic countries have customs that are determined at least in part by an inherited past. But no country's past is a product of free choice. Thus people living in open and democratic countries can never be entirely free.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14258, "premise": "When exercising the muscles in one' s back, it is important, in order to maintain a healthy back, to exercise the muscles on opposite sides of the spine equally. After all, balanced muscle development is needed to maintain a healthy back, since the muscles on opposite sides of the spine must pull equally in opposing directions to keep the back in proper alignment and protect the spine.", "hypothesis": "The assumption required by the argument is that if the muscles on opposite sides of the spine are exercised unequally, one's back will be irreparably damaged.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12287, "premise": "To reduce the mosquito population in a resort area, hundreds of trees were planted that bear fruit attractive to birds. Over the years, as the trees matured, they attracted a variety of bird species and greatly increased the summer bird population in the area. As expected, the birds ate many mosquitoes. However, the planting of the fruit trees had the very opposite of its intended effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The species of birds that were attracted in the greatest number by the fruit of the trees that were planted did not eat mosquitoes' most helps to explain the apparently paradoxical result.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5826, "premise": "The executive branch is the organ of the state that exercises the executive functions of the state, as provided for in the Constitution or the organic law of the executive. Its main features are: exercising state administrative authority; managing state administrative affairs; leading-subordinate system in the organizational relations of the executive branch; chief responsibility system in the decision-making system of the executive branch; The executive branch is usually active, regular and uninterrupted in the exercise of its functions.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the Shanxi Provincial People's Government is an executive branch.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 617, "premise": "Wu Mazi said to Mozi: I can't love both. I love my family more than the people in my hometown, my parents more than my family, and I love myself more than my parents. This is because I am close to me. If you hit me, I will hurt others, but it won't hurt me, so I will only kill others for my benefit. Mozi asked: will you tell others this righteousness? Wu Mazi replied: why should I hide? I will tell others. Mozi said: since you are like this, if someone likes your idea, then this person will kill you for his own benefit. If someone doesn't like your idea, he will also kill you, because he thinks you are a person who spreads ominous words", "hypothesis": "It can be inferred from the above that Wu Mazi will be killed.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 477, "premise": "The theory believes that antimatter is the anti-state of normal matter. When positive and negative matter meet, the two sides will annihilate and offset each other, explode and produce huge energy. Some people believe that antimatter exists, because so far there is no evidence to prove that antimatter does not exist.", "hypothesis": "The argument method in the above question is the same as the statement \"There are monsters in the Tianchi Lake of Changbai Mountain, because someone has seen the trace of monsters moving in the Tianchi Lake.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9622, "premise": "In the 400-meter race, Luo, Fang, Xu, Lu, Tian and Shi were divided into a group. They are standing on track 1 to 6 from the inside out. With regard to their location, it is known that: (1) the track of Tian and Shi is adjacent; (2) the number of Lu's track is smaller than that of Luo; (3) there are two tracks between Tian and Luo; (4) the track number of Fang is smaller than Lu, and there are two tracks in the middle.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Tian may be on track 3.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10603, "premise": "Scientists attempting to replicate certain controversial results reported by a group of experienced researchers failed to get the same results as those reported. The conclusion drawn from this by the scientists who conducted the replication experiments was that the originally reported results had been due to faulty measurements.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the researchers who originally reported the controversial results had themselves observed those results only once is part of the argument of the scientists who conducted the replication experiments.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 4383, "premise": "Between 1950 and 1970, the number of German teachers continued to increase, but it was slower than the growth rate of the country's total population.", "hypothesis": "Between 1950 and 1970, the proportion of German teachers in the total population remained the same in the above situation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 970, "premise": "The elderly often suffer from some chronic diseases caused by high blood lipids. People's attitudes towards this are often extreme. One side is completely ignoring it and satisfy their appetite. The other side is oversensitive, completely rejecting all fat and meats, which instead, leads to malnutrition and nutritional imbalance.", "hypothesis": "When people are getting old, it is inevitable that they will have some chronic diseases, which can neither be ignored nor paid too much attention to can be inferred based on the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6239, "premise": "In terms of today's Chinese reality, enlightenment is undoubtedly an urgent task. In terms of Chinese history, it is a historical task interrupted without completion. Although the enlightenment spirit of the May 4th New Culture Movement has been forgotten and forgotten for a long time, it does not prove that China does not need enlightenment. All kinds of setbacks in modern times remind us that in the process of modernization. The task of enlightenment is insurmountable, because nothing can surpass the goal of human liberation. As long as this goal has not been achieved, history must make up lessons.", "hypothesis": "The task of Enlightenment is mainly answered by the above paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10653, "premise": "A large survey of scientists found that almost all accept Wang' s Law, and almost all know the results of the Brown-Eisler Experiment. But those results together with Wang' s Law contradict the Minsk Hypothesis. Ttherefore, most of the scientists surveyed reject the Minsk Hypothesis.", "hypothesis": "The argument requires assuming that the scientists surveyed are generally aware that the results of the Brown-Eisler Experiment together with Wang's Law contradict the Minsk Hypothesis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 527, "premise": "During the investigation of a food poisoning incident, the doctor found that the food eaten by the poisoned people on the same day was different, but everyone ate a mushroom sold in a farmers' market. Therefore, it was concluded that the poisoning may be caused by the toxicity of this mushroom.", "hypothesis": "The high-temperature condition is the cause of food deterioration, similar to the interference form mentioned above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13121, "premise": "Reformer: A survey of police departments keeps track of the national crime rate, which is the annual number of crimes per 100, 000 people. The survey shows no significant reduction in the crime rate in the past 20 years, but the percentage of the population in prison has increased substantially, and public expenditure on prisons has grown at an alarming rate. This demonstrates that putting more people in prison cannot help to reduce crime.", "hypothesis": "A flaw in the reformer's argument is that it ignores the possibility that the crime rate would have significantly increased if it had not been for the greater rate of imprisonment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2911, "premise": "According to the statistics of the actual expenditures of the two existing schools in the previous year, if only comparing the expenditure per capita of undergraduate students in the school, school A is higher than 86% of school B; but if you compare all students (undergraduates plus The per capita investment of graduate students), School A is 118% of School B. The per capita funding for graduate students in each school is higher than that of undergraduates.", "hypothesis": "Last year, the proportion of postgraduate students in school A was higher than that in school B is most likely to be derived based on the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4736, "premise": "Ecological balance refers to a certain period of time between the organisms and the environment in the ecosystem, and between the various groups of organisms, through the flow of energy, material circulation and information transmission, so that they can achieve a high degree of adaptation, coordination and unity with each other. Under a certain limit of interference, the ecosystem can return to its initial stable state through self-regulation, and once it exceeds it, it will decline or even collapse.", "hypothesis": "The food chain is a form of energy flow is incorrect according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5038, "premise": "Voluntary attention refers to the attention with a predetermined purpose and requires a certain will effort: non random attention refers to the attention without a predetermined purpose and no will effort in advance; Random attention occurs after random attention. It has a certain purpose and task, and does not need the attention of will and effort.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, voluntary attention is when Xiao Wang must concentrate when he learns to drive, but after he is proficient, he can listen to the radio while driving on his way to work.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4689, "premise": "Interbank lending refers to the business mode of mutual financing of short-term funds between financial institutions, which aims to adjust short positions and temporary capital surplus and shortage.", "hypothesis": "Interbank lending is described by the statement \"Fund dispatch between internal branches of bank A.\" Interbank lending refers to the lending of funds between banks, typically for the purpose of meeting reserve requirements or for short-term borrowing needs. In this case, the statement describes fund dispatch between internal branches of Bank A, which can be considered a form of interbank lending.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11436, "premise": "The OLEX Petroleum Company has recently determined that it could cut its refining costs by closing its Grenville refinery and consolidating all refining at its Tasberg refinery. Closing the Grenville refinery, however, would mean the immediate loss of about 1, 200 jobs in the Grenville area. Eventually the lives of more than 10, 000 people would be seriously disrupted. Ttherefore, OLEX' s decision, announced yesterday, to keep Grenville open shows that at OLEX social concerns sometimes outweigh the desire for higher profits.", "hypothesis": "If the Grenville refinery were to close, it would mean compliance with demanding local codes regulating the cleanup of abandoned industrial sites at enormous cost, which most seriously undermines the argument given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13597, "premise": "Mr. Nance: Ms. Chan said that she retired from Quad Cities Corporation, and had received a watch and a wonderful party as thanks for her 40 years of loyal service. But I overheard a colleague of hers say that Ms. Chan will be gone for much of the next year on business trips and is now working harder than she ever did before; that does not sound like retirement to me. At least one of them is not telling the truth.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Nance's reasoning is flawed because it fails to infer that Ms. Chan must be a person of superior character, given her long loyal service.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10787, "premise": "Columnist: It is sometimes claimed that the only factors relevant to determining moral guilt or innocence are the intentions of the person performing an action. However, external circumstances often play a crucial role in our moral judgment of an action. For example, a cook at a restaurant who absentmindedly put an ingredient in the stew that is not usually in the stew would ordinarily be regarded as forgetful, not immoral. If, however, someone eating at the restaurant happens to be severely allergic to that ingredient, eats the stew, and dies, many people would judge the cook to be guilty of serious moral negligence.", "hypothesis": "The proposition \"We sometimes judge unfairly the morality of other people's actions\" is best illustrated by the columnist's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2619, "premise": "According to the statistics of the United Nations Development Programme in 2007, Norway is the country with the highest quality of life in the world, and developed countries such as Europe, the United States and Japan are also among the best. If you count the countries with the fastest improvement in quality of life since 1990, developed countries have lagged behind. Of the 116 countries counted by the United Nations Development Programme, Mozambique, a country in southeastern Africa, has seen the fastest improvement in quality of life over the past 17 years, with its quality of life index increasing by 50 per cent in 2007 compared with 1990. Many African countries have made similar achievements as Mozambique. As the most high-profile developing country in the world, China's quality of life index has also improved by 27% over the past 17 years.", "hypothesis": "According to the statistics of the United Nations Development Programme, Japan's quality of life index was not higher than that of China in 2006.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6900, "premise": "Traditional Chinese concepts believe that traditional Chinese medicine is a vague concept, and the planting conditions of medicinal materials are different, and there are differences in quality and efficacy. But in fact, some parameters of Chinese medicine can be considered to be controlled. Take Ginkgo yellow produced in Germany as an example, although the raw materials Ginkgo is also collected from all parts of China, and the raw materials themselves are different, but after the German technology is extracted, the product quality is ultimately uniform. This also means that the later production and processing technology has a certain buffer effect on the differences in the raw materials themselves.", "hypothesis": "The text 'Traditional Chinese medicine is affected by differences in the quality of raw materials and can be controlled by technology to a certain extent' is intended to illustrate that Traditional Chinese medicine is affected by differences in the quality of raw materials and can be controlled by technology to a certain extent.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10197, "premise": "Due to the rise in oil prices, the state has raised the sales prices of gasoline and other oil products, which has led to an increase in taxi operating costs and a reduction in drivers' income. According to the survey, more than 95% of taxi drivers in Beijing oppose a taxi fare increase because it will lead to fewer passengers, but opposing a fare increase does not mean they are willing to reduce their income.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that the cost of rising oil prices is entirely borne by consumers can explain the seemingly contradictory attitude of taxi drivers in Beijing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3041, "premise": "In an article published in Science magazine in January 2015, Fogelstein et al said that the difference in cancer risk in human tissue can be explained by mistakes made during stem cell division, that is, the so-called bad luck. 2/3 of cancer gene mutations are the result of bad luck and another 1/3 are attributed to genetic and environmental factors. a commentary issued by Science magazine said. The debate about the bad luck theory of cancer is expected to continue. Other experts say the study does not mean denying the importance of preventing cancer by improving the environment and lifestyle. Cancer Research UK believes that cancer cases can be prevented.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is a rational behavior for cancer patients to give up treatment' is inconsistent with the meaning of the above words.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6497, "premise": "As people live longer and retire faster, they have more and more time available. In Asian countries, the importance of enjoying a leisurely life is gaining new attention. As Asian countries move rapidly towards an aging society, they are trying to figure out how to prepare the rest of the population to embrace retirement. As baby boomers begin to retire, the problem becomes more urgent.", "hypothesis": "The intended topic of discussion is how to enjoy a leisurely retirement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11638, "premise": "According to experts on shopping behavior, more shoppers would shop at Jerrod' s department store if they were offered the convenience of shopping carts. In fact, even if the amount spent by these additional customers only just covered the cost of providing the carts, providing carts would still probably increase Jerrod' s profits, since __.", "hypothesis": "A customer with a shopping cart buys more, on average, than a customer without a cart most logically completes the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8512, "premise": "A foreign company buys insects such as pseudo-walkers and crickets from farmers, processes them into powder or oil, and then mixes them with other ingredients to make delicious food that makes people unable to eat insects. The company made a profit of millions of dollars by selling the food in 2019. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization affirmed the company's practice and pointed out that eating insects is conducive to dealing with worldwide food shortages and malnutrition.", "hypothesis": "Insect breeding and processing industries are being vigorously developed in some areas of Asia and Africa that are short of food and whose population is malnourished can be used as the premise of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6747, "premise": "It can be difficult to see nuclear energy as a sustainable resource. Unlike other alternative resources, nuclear energy has long been hated by environmentalists, mainly because of the storage of radioactive waste. However, nuclear reactors are also efficient sources of electricity, do not emit any polluting gases, and, for some types of reactors, are designed to minimize waste and basically prevent reactor meltdowns.", "hypothesis": "Nuclear reactors do not emit any polluting wastes and gases is not understood correctly about this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12598, "premise": "Elena: The best form of government is one that fosters the belief among its citizens that they have a say in how the government is run. Thus, democracy is the best form of government. Marsha: But there are many forms of government under which citizens can be manipulated into believing they have a say when they don' t.", "hypothesis": "Marsha's claim that it is possible for governments to manipulate people into thinking that they have a say when they do not is used to support her unstated conclusion that the best form of government is one that appears to be democratic but really is not.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 11271, "premise": "Economist: Some critics of the media have contended that negative news reports on the state of the economy can actually harm the economy because such reports damage people' s confidence in it, and this lack of confidence in turn adversely affects people' s willingness to spend money. But studies show that spending trends correlate very closely with people' s confidence in their own immediate economic situations. Thus these media critics are mistaken.", "hypothesis": "The economist's argument is flawed because it fails to consider the possibility that people who have little confidence in the overall economy generally take a pessimistic view concerning their own immediate economic situations.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10680, "premise": "A major health insurance company in Lagolia pays for special procedures prescribed by physicians only if the procedure is first approved as medically necessary by a company-appointed review panel. The rule is intended to save the company the money it might otherwise spend on medically unnecessary procedures. The company has recently announced that in order to reduce its costs, it will abandon this rule.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Physicians often prescribe special procedures that are helpful but not altogether necessary for the health of the patient' provides the strongest justification for the company's decision.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1606, "premise": "TV channels are no longer scarce for people. The increasing number of TV channels gives viewers more choices. The audience's attention choice has become a scarce resource pursued by TV media.", "hypothesis": "The topic of Highway market operation is a necessary condition to improve China's transportation is most likely to arise from this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12294, "premise": "Press Secretary: Our critics claim that the President' s recent highway project cancellations demonstrate a vindictive desire to punish legislative districts controlled by opposition parties. They offer as evidence the fact that 90 percent of the projects canceled were in such districts. But all of the canceled projects had been identified as wasteful in a report written by respected nonpartisan auditors. So the President' s choice was clearly motivated by sound budgetary policy, not partisan politics.", "hypothesis": "Canceling highway projects was not the only way for the President to punish legislative districts controlled by opposition parties is an assumption on which the press secretary's argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12545, "premise": "Despite a steady decrease in the average number of hours worked per person per week, the share of the population that reads a daily newspaper has declined greatly in the past 20 years. But the percentage of the population that watches television daily has shown a similarly dramatic increase over the same period. Clearly, increased television viewing has caused a simultaneous decline in newspaper reading.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Of those members of the population who do not watch television, the percentage who read a newspaper every day has also shown a dramatic decrease' would be most damaging to the explanation given above for the decline in newspaper reading.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13853, "premise": "Maize contains the vitamin niacin, but not in a form the body can absorb. Pellagra is a disease that results from niacin deficiency. When maize was introduced into southern Europe from the Americas in the eighteenth century, it quickly became a dietary staple, and many Europeans who came to subsist primarily on maize developed pellagra. Pellagra was virtually unknown at that time in the Americas, however, even among people who subsisted primarily on maize.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Before the discovery of pellagra's link with niacin, it was widely believed that the disease was an infection that could be transmitted from person to person\" most helps to explain the contrasting incidence of pellagra described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1378, "premise": "The law itself is not omnipotent, many problems in social life, the final solution can not rely on the law, at least can not rely on the law alone. In many cases, the social contradiction itself and the key to its solution come from the political, economic, cultural and other practical aspects.", "hypothesis": "Social conflicts are not resolved because there are laws that do not abide by the law is not an accurate interpretation of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10352, "premise": "Among the pilots who joined the state-run airlines more than a decade ago, those who later transferred to private airlines now usually earn more than one million yuan a year, while those who remain in state-run airlines generally earn no more than 600000 yuan a year. These figures show that pilots at state-run airlines are underpaid.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis 'The annual mileage flown by pilots of private airlines and pilots of state-run airlines is roughly the same' is required by the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8095, "premise": "The company arranged 8 people A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H to go on business trip, and they were just arranged in 8 adjacent rooms in the same row of the hotel. It is known that :\u2460 there are 3 people between A and C; \u2461 There are two people between B and F; \u2462 D is to the left of G, and there are two people between them. There is a person between H and E.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, in order from left to right, D is in the third room is impossible.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10930, "premise": "One way to judge the performance of a company is to compare it with other companies. This technique, commonly called benchmarking,  permits the manager of a company to discover better industrial practices and can provide a justification for the adoption of good practices.", "hypothesis": "Managers are generally more receptive to new ideas that they find outside their own industry is a valid reason for benchmarking the performance of a company against companies with which it is not in competition rather than against competitors.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8358, "premise": "There are many repertoire of dazzling skills in classical music, and there are multiple forces to promote dazzling skills in the development of history. Sometimes, it is the composer who wants to test the limits of sound, writing a passage that the performer at that time generally cannot play for the sake of melody or harmony. Sometimes, it is the composer who does not know enough about a solo instrument to think rationally from the point of view of playing, so he writes a piece that is difficult or even impossible to play. Sometimes, it is the performer who takes the initiative to pursue a breakthrough, asking for music that could not be performed in the past, so as to highlight the difference between himself and other performers.", "hypothesis": "The performer has to perform to the limit because of the requirements of the music is not in line with the meaning of the text with regard to the driving force of the dazzling skills of music.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2453, "premise": "The head teacher told an excellent student that the reason why you achieved such good results was mainly because I had a good teaching plan.", "hypothesis": "Most of the other students in the class don't study well will most strongly refute the teacher's statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6778, "premise": "These people are as humble as dust, their figure appears in my line of sight, their spirit precipitates in my heart, they often make me feel that this ordinary world is so lovely, this scattered world is actually so tacit understanding and the life seed that looks like dirt is actually so tenacious and beautiful.", "hypothesis": "The central idea of this passage is that life is both ordinary and beautiful.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9451, "premise": "All leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people will be respected by everyone; and leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people pay special attention to how to solve livelihood problems such as housing, medical treatment, education and pensions. Therefore, those leading cadres who do not pay attention to how to solve the problems of people's livelihood will not be respected by everyone.", "hypothesis": "In order to ensure that the above argument is established, it must be added as a premise that people's livelihood issues such as housing, medical treatment, education and pension are the most prominent issues concerning the interests of the common people.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3927, "premise": "There are nine cards, one to nine. A, B, C, D four people take cards, each take 2. It is known that the sum of the two cards taken by A is 10; the difference between the two cards taken by B is 1; the product of the two cards taken by C is 24; and the quotient of the two cards taken by D is 3.", "hypothesis": "The left card is Four.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9819, "premise": "Explicit learning is the learning of intentionally searching or applying rules to the field of stimuli. In the process of explicit learning, people's learning behavior is controlled by consciousness, has a clear purpose, needs to pay attention to resources, and needs to make certain efforts. Implicit learning refers to a kind of subconscious learning without will effort. The characteristic of this kind of learning is that people subconsciously acquire certain knowledge, and without the effort of will, the knowledge can be extracted and applied to the operation of specific tasks.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhou did a lot of English exercises before the high school entrance examination, so he got a full mark in the English exam belongs to explicit learning according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8574, "premise": "According to the data of the National Health Commission, about 1/3 of primary and secondary school students spend less than an hour a day exercising outdoors, and more than 70 percent of primary and secondary school students do not get enough sleep. At the same time, stress also has an impact on the health of teenagers, and the rate of myopia is on the rise, mainly because homework takes too long. For this reason, some education departments believe that a good night's sleep may be more important for children. With the consent of the parents, the child may not do the unfinished homework after the specified sleep time. But parents are not happy because they worry that their children will eventually have to go to low-quality schools.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although the new rules may reduce the burden of students' homework, under the current rules, universities choose students according to the results of the college entrance examination' is most helpful to explain parents' concerns.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3902, "premise": "There are 12 books on a shelf from left to right. Four of them are small paperbacks, two are large paperbacks, three are cloth bindings and three are leather bounds. The first is known to be a large paperback, the fourth is a leather face binding book, three cloth binding books are not adjacent to each other, three leather face bindings are put together, four small paperback books are also placed together and on the far right.", "hypothesis": "Book eight must be a large paperback.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 121, "premise": "Salesman: The picture tube is the core component of any TV. The P-brand TV and the T-brand TV use the picture tube of same quality. But the price of the P-brand TV is lower, so when you buy the P-brand TV not a T-brand, it is equivalent to paying a lower price but buying a TV with the same image quality.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The image quality of a TV is only determined by the quality of its picture tube' will most strongly support the sales's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13441, "premise": "A psychiatrist argued that there is no such thing as a multiple personality disorder on the grounds that in all her years of clinical practice, she had never encountered one case of this type.", "hypothesis": "Thomas argued that because Natasha has driven her car to work every day since she bought it, she would probably continue to drive her car to work, which most closely parallels the questionable reasoning cited above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3895, "premise": "A and B debated based on the birth rate of boys. A: demography has found a pattern: among newborns, the male birth rate fluctuates around 22 out of 43, not 1 out of 2. B: no, most countries and regions, such as Japan, the United States, Germany and our Taiwan Province have more women than men. It can be seen that it is not true to think that the birth rate of male  fluctuates around 22 out of 43.", "hypothesis": "B's information is not credible is the statement that indicates A or B's logic error.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6464, "premise": "The word Skyscraper was originally a special term for the crew, meaning a tall pole or sail on a sailboat, and then it evolved into a specific term in architecture. In 1883, skyscraper first appeared in the article American Architects and Architecture News written by an American fantasy writer, and the term was born. Since then, many skyscrapers have been built, one after another, towering in the skies of major cities around the world.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, the meaning of words is incorrectly understood as expanding with the passage of time.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 185, "premise": "Vacation syndrome refers to fatigue, insomnia and other symptoms that appear after long holidays or festivals, leading to anxiety, emptiness or easy anger, difficulty concentrating on work. It is the psychological discomfort that people can not withstand the pressure of work after a long period of leisure.", "hypothesis": "According to", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}{"id": 14772, "premise": "Naturalist: Different nonhuman primate species exhibit many contrasts in behavior. If a zookeeper leaves a screwdriver within reach of a chimpanzee, the animal is likely to examine and play with it for a time, and then move on to something else. In the same circumstances, an orangutan is likely to pretend to ignore the tool at first; later, in the zookeeper ' s absence, the orangutan may use the screwdriver to try to dismantle its cage.", "hypothesis": "Some nonhuman primates are capable of deception is most strongly supported by the naturalist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10123, "premise": "The attitude towards intellectuals marks the degree of civilization of a nation, while the attitude towards workers and peasants tests the conscience and conscience of the nation. So _", "hypothesis": "Intellectuals can be treated twice as much as workers and peasants can best complete the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1153, "premise": "Man is a kind of cultural animal. Human behavior is determined not only by innate biological instincts, but also by acquired cultural and social factors. Everyone has a love of beauty. However, behind anything wonderful, there is an unbeautiful nature or origin, whether you realize it or not. Beauty is often a lie, but the truth is often ugly. Browse the web and you may be attracted by the gorgeous pages. If you look at the source code from the browser menu, you will find a mess that doesn't make any sense to you.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that beauty is often a lie, and the truth is often hard to hear.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7890, "premise": "The theater effect refers to the phenomenon that the individual members pursue the maximization of their own interests and cause other members to follow suit, which leads to the imbalance of the collective order and the damage to the overall interests.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Considering that there are large-scale activities on Xianxia Road, Xiao Wang chose Chunguang Road, which is not usually used to go to work. Unexpectedly, because everyone agreed to take this road, Chunguang Road was seriously blocked and Xianxia Road was unimpeded' belongs to the theater effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11688, "premise": "According to some astronomers, Earth is struck by a meteorite large enough to cause an ice age on an average of once every 100 million years. The last such incident occurred nearly 100 million years ago, so we can expect that Earth will be struck by such a meteorite in the near future. This clearly warrants funding to determine whether there is a means to protect our planet from such meteorite strikes.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most subject to criticism on the grounds that the argument moves from evidence about the average frequency of an event to a specific prediction about when the next such event will occur.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9725, "premise": "As the saying goes, if you want to be in good health, eat walnuts every day. the saying condensed into years of experience must have its truth. Recently, studies have confirmed that eating more walnuts is really good for intestinal health, can increase a large number of beneficial intestinal bacteria, so it is good for the human heart.", "hypothesis": "Walnut is also helpful to the control of blood sugar in patients with diabetes can be used as the premise of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14346, "premise": "A drug that is highly effective in treating many types of infection can, at present, be obtained only from the bark of the ibora, a tree that is quite rare in the wild. It takes the bark of 5, 000 trees to make one kilogram of the drug. It follows, ttherefore, that continued production of the drug must inevitably lead to the ibora's extinction.", "hypothesis": "The drug made from ibora bark is expensive to produce most seriously weakens the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2520, "premise": "There is a corruption case in a company. After investigating all the people who may be involved in the case, the four auditors each have the following conclusions: A: no one is corrupt. B: manager Zhang is not corrupt. C: not all of these people involved in the case are free from corruption. D: some people do not have corruption.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the four auditors is sure to be true, C is true, Manager Zhang was embezzled.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9182, "premise": "It is generally believed that people's aesthetic judgment is subjective, and this is true in a short period of time, and people's evaluation of contemporary works of art often diverges greatly. However, over time, the subjective element in aesthetics gradually disappears. When a work of art continues to provide pleasure and beauty over the centuries, as in Da Vinci paintings and Bach's music, we can fairly objectively call it a great work.", "hypothesis": "For the same work of art, people's evaluations of different eras are very different is best supported by the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7246, "premise": "Money worship refers to the worship of money.", "hypothesis": "The act of the court ordering the defendant Wang to pay off the RMB 50000 owed to the plaintiff before February 16, and the threat of enforcement if he fails to do so, is an example of money worship.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3651, "premise": "The higher the altitude, the smaller the atmospheric pressure. Because the altitude of Lanzhou is higher than that of Tianjin, the atmospheric pressure of Lanzhou is lower than that of Tianjin.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning that the greater the vocabulary of a language, the more difficult it is to learn, and that English is harder to learn than Italian, so English has a larger vocabulary than Italian is most similar to that of the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3935, "premise": "The big question is how do plants react like this? Humans and other higher animals integrate and respond to signals from their environment through the nervous system and brain. But plants have no nervous system and no brain, so they must do it by other means. The most likely explanation is that their responses are coordinated by a feedback system of hormones and electrical signals.", "hypothesis": "The most likely question to be expressed by the author is \"Scientists are deeply divided over how plants respond to stimuli.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8094, "premise": "In recent years, the state has made efforts to reduce drug prices from the production, circulation and sales of drugs. However, many patients feel puzzled that, on the one hand, the national policy to reduce drug prices is constantly introduced, on the other hand, the prices of many common drugs are rising.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is an increase in demand for commonly used imported drugs, and relevant policies are unable to control price increases for such drugs' best explains this phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4074, "premise": "The right to privacy is the right of individuals to keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential and not to be illegally informed, in order to protect their reputation and image without violating the law.", "hypothesis": "The right of a suspected corruption offender to keep his source of income secret from the media is the right to privacy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8413, "premise": "Xiao Li said to Xiao Zhang, you eat less pickles. If you eat too salty at ordinary times, you will get high blood pressure in the future. Xiao Zhang retorted: whether you eat salty or not has nothing to do with high blood pressure. You see, people in the 1950s ate pickle bumps every day, and not so many people have high blood pressure now.", "hypothesis": "Smoking, drinking, high-salt diet and mental stress all lead to an increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases will not help Xiao Li question Xiao Zhang's point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10885, "premise": "In the past the country of Malvernia has relied heavily on imported oil. Malvernia recently implemented a program to convert heating systems from oil to natural gas. Malvernia currently produces more natural gas each year than it uses, and oil production in Malvernian oil fields is increasing at a steady pace. If these trends in fuel production and usage continue, ttherefore, Malvernian reliance on foreign sources for fuel is likely to decline soon.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to establish whether the amount of oil used each year in Malvernia for generating electricity and fuel for transportation is increasing in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10124, "premise": "Since the existence of the emperor, the official history of China has been the diary of the emperor's own family, which is the standard image of the emperor, from which it is not difficult to see the true form of the emperor. In order to understand the true face of the emperor, we must also read wild history, which is a portrayal of the emperor's life.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is that the official history records the great events of the emperor's governing the country, while the wild history records the emperor's daily trifles.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9345, "premise": "Geologists in central Australia underground found two 3 km away from the surface of the diameter of more than 200 kilometers of mysterious natural landscape, the landscape of quartz sand with clusters of fine lines, in most of these fine lines are parallel to each other straight line, geologists believe that the landscape is likely to be formed a giant impact crater, And the structure of the quartz sand is evidence of the fracture.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Only after a high-speed meteorite impact does the quartz sand in the strata show a fracture structure containing parallel lines' is a necessary premise for the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9518, "premise": "On the road to success, all shortcuts are detours, and all detours are necessary. Therefore, attaching to the strong is not a shortcut to success.", "hypothesis": "Attaching to the strong is a detour can be added as a premise to make the above conclusion valid.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6276, "premise": "When using antibacterial drugs in the clinic, if choosing the type of drug according to the patient's personal situation, strictly requiring the dose and concentration of the first medication, and following strict regulations in the frequency of drug use and drug compatibility, the spread and deterioration of drug resistance can be controlled, although it cannot completely prevent drug-resistant strains.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on whether drug resistance will occur after the use of antibacterial drugs is controllable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14838, "premise": "Sales manager: The highest priority should be given to the needs of the sales department, because without successful sales the company as a whole would fail. Shipping manager: There are several departments other than sales that also must function successfully for the company to succeed. It is impossible to give the highest priority to all of them.", "hypothesis": "The shipping manager criticizes the sales manager's argument by pointing out that the sales manager makes a generalization from an atypical case.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12902, "premise": "The percentage of households with an annual income of more than $40, 000 is higher in Merton County than in any other county. However, the percentage of households with an annual income of $60, 000 or more is higher in Sommer County.", "hypothesis": "The number of households with an annual income of more than $40,000 is greater in Merton County than in Sommer County must also be true if the statements above are true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3645, "premise": "Intentional attribution bias means that when the situation is unknown, aggressive people often predict that others are hostile to themselves and always interpret the actions of others as intentional and hostile.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoqiang winning the first place in the English competition and Teacher Kong feeling that he cheated in the competition is an example of intentional attribution bias.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6432, "premise": "Our era is described as the information age, which means that we can not only obtain a large amount of information quickly, but also mean a large number of changes of the information we get. Pasting and updating of network information is a typical example. The classic is the crystallization of genius brain's hard creation, and it is a kind of permanent spiritual existence. The state of the information age is out of step with the contemplative spirit needed by the classics, which is one of the reasons why it is difficult to produce classics in our times.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that there are no classics in our time.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9518, "premise": "On the road to success, all shortcuts are detours, and all detours are necessary. Therefore, attaching to the strong is not a shortcut to success.", "hypothesis": "Attaching to the strong is not the only way can be added as a premise to make the above conclusion valid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1085, "premise": "Acronyms refer to the different names of the same thing in different social groups, different regions or different times.", "hypothesis": "Now salesmen often call female customers beautiful women is not a acronym according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9136, "premise": "In August 2014, more than 200 Russian trucks carrying relief supplies entered eastern Ukraine, and if the Ukrainian government's military operations in the east directly or indirectly attacked the Russian convoy, it may trigger strong measures by the Russian side; if Ukrainian government forces temporarily suspend military operations in the east to ensure the safety of the Russian convoy, it will give the civilian armed forces at a disadvantage a chance to catch their breath.", "hypothesis": "The Russian convoy entered Ukraine to help civilian armed forces in eastern Ukraine must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4919, "premise": "In some western countries, the population engaged in the tertiary industry has reached 70%, and the income level of people in these countries is considerable,", "hypothesis": "These countries have realized the optimization and adjustment of industrial structure.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9841, "premise": "Different from water and air pollution, the concealment of soil pollution is strong. The soil remediation technology that can be used in developed countries may not be applicable in our country. At present, soil in situ remediation technology based on extracellular respiration of microorganisms has become a new force in soil bioremediation technology in South China. Compared with physical and chemical repair, this repair method has the characteristics of high efficiency, low cost, non-destructive, wide application and so on.", "hypothesis": "Physical and chemical remediation is mainly used in soil remediation in developed countries is the basis of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5801, "premise": "Several previous studies have linked chocolate consumption to an increased risk of heart disease.  But a newer, more reliable study concluded that chocolate consumption was not associated with heart disease.  Chocolate consumption is expected to increase dramatically after the findings are published.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning is based on the assumption that many people now avoid chocolate simply because they believe it causes heart disease.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14147, "premise": "Ditrama is a federation made up of three autonomous regions: Korva, Mitro, and Guadar. Under the federal revenue-sharing plan, each region receives a share of federal revenues equal to the share of the total population of Ditrama residing in that region, as shown by a yearly population survey. Last year, the percentage of federal revenues Korva received for its share decreased somewhat even though the population survey on which the revenue-sharing was based showed that Korva' s population had increased.", "hypothesis": "If the statements above are true, Korva's population grew by a smaller percentage than did the population of at least one of the other two autonomous regions must also have been shown by the population survey on which last year's revenue-sharing in Ditrama was based.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12265, "premise": "Experts hired to testify in court need to know how to make convincing presentations. Such experts are evaluated by juries in terms of their ability to present the steps by which they arrived at their conclusions clearly and confidently. As a result, some less expert authorities who are skilled at producing convincing testimony are asked to testify rather than highly knowledgeable but less persuasive experts.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Job applicants are usually hired because their skills and training best meet a recognized set of qualifications. Only rarely is a prospective employer convinced to tailor a position to suit the skills of a particular applicant' most closely conforms to the principle illustrated by the passage above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10931, "premise": "Magazine editor: I know that some of our regular advertisers have been pressuring us to give favorable mention to their products in our articles, but they should realize that for us to yield to their wishes would actually be against their interests. To remain an effective advertising vehicle we must have loyal readership, and we would soon lose that readership if our readers suspect that our editorial integrity has been compromised by pandering to advertisers. Advertising-sales director: You underestimate the sophistication of our readers. They recognize that the advertisements we carry are not articles, so their response to the advertisements has never depended on their opinion of the editorial integrity of the magazine as a whole.", "hypothesis": "The advertising-sales director's argument fails because the editor's argument does not depend on any assumption about readers' response to the advertisements they see in the magazine.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6114, "premise": "The world memory project is a continuation of the world heritage project. The world heritage project was launched by UNESCO in 1972, 20 years earlier than the world memory project. It focuses on the cultural and natural heritage with outstanding significance and universal value in the natural and artificial environment, such as history, aesthetics and archaeology, Buildings or sites of scientific and anthropological research value. The world memory project focuses on documentary heritage, specifically manuscripts, precious documents in any medium preserved in libraries and archives, and records of oral history.", "hypothesis": "The main difference between world heritage projects and world memory projects is physical objects and records.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7222, "premise": "At present, college students generally lack the literacy of Chinese classical literature. According to the survey, only about 5% of college students like Yuanqu", "hypothesis": "The lack of Chinese classical literature literacy can not be judged only by whether they like Yuan opera weakens the above view most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8012, "premise": "China's deserts do provide the world's scientists with laboratories that are most similar to the Martian environment. Scientists have been to the coldest Antarctica and the driest Atacama Desert on Earth, but what they really need is an extreme environment that combines the two.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that the Chinese desert provides an ideal place for extraterrestrial research.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5354, "premise": "Urbanization is the historical process of the transformation of human production and life style from rural to urban, which is manifested in the process of the transformation of rural population to urban population and the continuous development and improvement of cities. The communique of the Third Plenary Session of the Seventeenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China pointed out that by 2020, the integration mechanism of urban and rural economic and social development will be basically established.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Industrialization of farmers' production methods, urbanization of lifestyles has the correct understanding of urbanization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1409, "premise": "With the gradual improvement of social adaptability and the ability to distinguish between external self and internal self, children are gradually able to judge the social communication situation realistically and show complex social self according to these judgments. At the same time, the increasing stability of children's self-structure enables children to adjust their behavior according to their own internal value standards and belief system, as well as the needs of external situations.", "hypothesis": "Children's judgment of social communication situation can reflect their social self is not in line with the meaning of the text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7142, "premise": "Xiao Ming has to go to an English cram class outside the school every weekend. Xiao Qiang has never been to an English cram class. As a result, the English scores of Xiao Ming and Xiao Qiang in the final exam are 95 and 55 respectively. Therefore, the reason why Xiao Ming's English score is better than Xiao Qiang is that he went to an English cram class outside the school.", "hypothesis": "If true, the most difficult to weaken the above assertion is that in the last English test, Xiao Ming and Xiao Qiang scored 99 and 39 respectively.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14436, "premise": "Homeowners aged 40 to 50 are more likely to purchase ice cream and are more likely to purchase it in larger amounts than are members of any other demographic group. The popular belief that teenagers eat more ice cream than adults must, ttherefore, be false.", "hypothesis": "The argument is flawed primarily because the author discusses ice cream rather than more nutritious and healthful foods.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1223, "premise": "The moon is the only natural satellite on the earth and the only extraterrestrial planet that human beings can reach at present. In addition to man-made satellites, using this natural satellite to carry out remote sensing observation of the earth has many advantages and irreplaceable. The surface area of the moon is much larger than any man-made satellite, so the remote sensor is deployed on the moon without considering the load, size, weight, etc. Many different types of remote sensors can be placed at the same time to form the ability of active, passive and full band synchronous observation. It will have an in-depth understanding of observing large-scale geoscience phenomena-global environmental change, land sea air interaction, plate tectonics and solid tide, three pole comparative research, and may observe previously unknown scientific phenomena.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the above words is that lunar earth observation has natural comprehensive advantages.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10226, "premise": "In order to alleviate the shortage of oil, China began to industrialize the technology of converting corn into fuel ethanol five years ago, commonly known as grain into oil, which has now become a more mature industry. China has had a bumper grain harvest for three consecutive years from 2004 to 2006, and the international oil price has reached a new high this year, but the National Development and Reform Commission has notified to stop the project of producing fuel ethanol from grain.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In China's corn growing areas, newly built ethanol plants in recent years have begun to compete with feed producers for raw materials' can best explain the above seemingly contradictory phenomena.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 522, "premise": "With the escalation of the situation in the Middle East, the price of crude oil in the international oil market has risen sharply. However, many economic analysts are optimistic that oil prices cannot continue to rise unless there is a sudden increase in demand or a collective boycott by the oil producing countries in the Middle East. If the oil producing countries in the Middle East do not unanimously take oil embargo or other similar actions, the demand for oil in the international market will not increase sharply.", "hypothesis": "Oil prices rose in national stock markets can be inferred according to the above description.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5019, "premise": "All mobile phone displays that focus on portability features are not likely to be larger than 3.5 inches, while all mobile phone displays that focus on reading are larger than 35 inches. The S mobile phone has a 4-inch display.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above facts, S brand mobile phones are easy to operate and carry.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2298, "premise": "Technical standards refer to the technical provisions on the quality, specifications and inspection methods of industrial and agricultural products and engineering construction, as well as the commonly used figures and symbols on technical documents. Is engaged in production, construction of a common basis.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, Industrial bureau of metallurgical machinery plant equipment smoke emission testing standards is a technical standard.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3030, "premise": "According to the continental drift hypothesis, many separate continents were now part of a large land mass in prehistoric times. The land began to break up because of the movement of the earth's crust. From this theory, it can be inferred that the east coast of South America was originally connected to the west coast of Africa.", "hypothesis": "The statement that there is a large paleo-rock belt of the same type on the east coast of South America and the west coast of Africa best supports the above conjecture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8868, "premise": "The coach of a provincial go team selects four of the seven players E, F, G, H, J, K and M to participate in the professional league. The selection must meet the following conditions: one of E or F will participate, but not both. One of J or K participates, but not both. If J participates, G participates. M will not participate unless F participates.", "hypothesis": "If H does not participate in the competition, G and K are required to participate in the competition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 640, "premise": "According to reports, 248 middle schools in a poverty-stricken area have had classes synchronusly with key middle schools in a certain tier city through live broadcasts for 16 years. In the past 16 years, some of these 248 middle schools have turned out provincial champions, and some have raised the undergraduate enrollment rate more than ten times. From the data point of view, this live teaching model is very successful. However, it is regrettable that this successful model has not been widely promoted across the country.", "hypothesis": "It is difficult for middle schools in most poverty-stricken areas to form a high-level faculty cannot explain this regrettable phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13578, "premise": "In parts of South America, vitamin-A deficiency is a serious health problem, especially among children. In one region, agriculturists are attempting to improve nutrition by encouraging farmers to plant a new variety of sweet potato called SPK004 that is rich in beta-carotene, which the body converts into vitamin A. The plan has good chances of success, since sweet potato is a staple of the region' s diet and agriculture, and the varieties currently grown contain little beta-carotene.", "hypothesis": "The growing conditions required by the varieties of sweet potato currently cultivated in the region are conditions in which SPK004 can flourish, if true, most strongly supports the prediction that the plan will succeed.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14705, "premise": "In 1987 Fabrico, a clothing manufacturer, sold to its customers a total of 2. 3 million dollars worth of clothing, a 17 percent increase over 1986 sales. In January 1988, however, Fabrico closed one of its clothing factories, citing reduced demand for its products as the major reason.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because of escalating costs for raw materials, prices charged by Fabrico for its products were on average 42 percent higher than they were in 1986' contributes most to a resolution of the apparent discrepancy noted between the sales figures and the reason offered for closing a factory.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11113, "premise": "According to promotional material published by the city of Springfield, more tourists stay in hotels in Springfield than stay in the neighboring city of Harristown. A brochure from the largest hotel in Harristown claims that more tourists stay in that hotel than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel in Springfield. If both of these sources are accurate, however, the Report on Tourism for the region must be in error in stating that __.", "hypothesis": "The royal arms hotel is the only hotel in Springfield most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12618, "premise": "Linda: The governor' s proposal to raise taxes to improve carpool lanes is unjust. Why should commuters who never use carpool lanes be forced to subsidize them? Mario: You are mistaken. The state government has always designated more funding to noncarpool lanes. The additional revenue raised from the tax increase will just allow the governor to distribute funds to all lanes more equally.", "hypothesis": "Mario uses the argumentative strategy of arguing that programs that benefit the state as a whole benefit all citizens in the state in answering Linda.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4007, "premise": "Occupational gene refers to each person's career direction, all because of their own temperament to match, this temperament is in interpersonal communication and the formation of a strong personal color of psychological cultivation.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoding, who is cheerful and lively, applied for a sales staff in a mall belongs to the theory of occupational gene according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4369, "premise": "Living gifts refer to the donation of money to children, grandchildren and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or to use it for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.", "hypothesis": "Among the following options, the living gift is Mr. Li appearing at home after two years of disappearing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 146, "premise": "Appealing to authority refers to the logical fallacy of quoting the authority's speech without analysis in the argument, and using it as a sufficient argument for the correctness of the thesis.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Boys and girls have different logic, said by a well-known professor all the time' contains the fallacy of appealing to authority.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10904, "premise": "If one does not have enough information to make a well-informed decision, one should not make a decision solely on the basis of the information one does possess. Instead, one should continue to seek information until a well-informed decision can be made.", "hypothesis": "When deciding which career to pursue, one should consider carefully all of the information one has and not choose a career solely on the basis of financial compensation, but instead consider other factors such as how likely one is to succeed at the career and how much one would enjoy it. This most closely conforms to the principle stated above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8452, "premise": "Cryptococcus neoformans first invades the body through infection in the lungs, and then spreads to other organs, including the brain, which can cause chest pain, dry cough, abdominal swelling, headache, blurred vision and other symptoms. Among them, cryptococcal meningitis is the most serious. If it is not treated in time, about 86% of the patients may die within a year; even though there are multiple drug treatments, the mortality rate remains at 40%. 65%. What is even more frightening is that among those patients who survived death, some patients may also leave sequelae such as blindness, hearing impairment, hemiplegia, headache, lower limb muscle atrophy and so on, and its disability rate is about 20%.", "hypothesis": "Cryptococcosis is very harmful is mainly introduced in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2046, "premise": "A wise man once said, you must be tolerant three times. You must forgive yourself, because you cannot be perfect; you must forgive your enemies, because the fire of your anger will only affect yourself and your family; and perhaps the hardest thing to do in the search for happiness is that you must forgive your friends, because the closer your friends are, the more they will inadvertently slander you.  We are often too hard on others. Everyone is trying to prove that I am right and you are wrong. Only when you can hold the shortcomings of others or yourself can you hold the wind and rain of the whole world. Our forgiveness of others is also a blessing of ourselves.", "hypothesis": "Tolerance is a blessing in one's life is mainly discussed in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10294, "premise": "Because the photo is light, the object is imprinted on the film. So, in a sense, every picture is real. However, the use of photos to show things is always different from things themselves, photos can not show complete authenticity, in this sense, it is false. So, just one photo can't finally prove anything", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Anything that does not show complete authenticity can not constitute the final evidence' is the hypothesis that leads to the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9494, "premise": "Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), commonly known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A research team found that the development of ALS is closely related to the number of AM bacteria in the gut. The researchers observed and compared gut microbiota and blood and cerebrospinal fluid samples from 37 ALS patients and 29 healthy relatives. They found differences in gut bacterial strains, one of which was linked to nicotinamide production. In addition, nicotinamide levels decreased in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of these ALS patients.", "hypothesis": "A prerequisite for the above research findings to hold is that changes in human gut bacteria are linked to disease progression in ALS.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1527, "premise": "Never pretend that children can be replaced by other things, just as never pretend that what you don't get is not worth it or missing.", "hypothesis": "Pretend it's worth is the answer to the question 'Is what you don't get worth getting'.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9163, "premise": "A unit arranges 6 people on duty on The first day, the second day, the third day of the new year. They are G., H, K, L, P, and S. Two people are required to be on duty every day. The personnel arrangement must meet the following conditions: (1) L and P must be on duty on the same day. (2) G and H cannot be on duty on the same day. (3) If K is on duty in the first day, then G is on duty in the second day. (4) ) If S is on duty in the third day, then H is on duty in the second day.", "hypothesis": "If H is on duty on the same day as the day before S, G is on duty in the second day must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13133, "premise": "To treat a person justly is to treat that person with perfect impartiality. But our friends naturally expect us to attach more importance to their interests than to the interests of others. Hence, given that we try to maintain our friendships, we cannot succeed in being just to our friends.", "hypothesis": "It is morally important to maintain close friendships must be assumed in order for the conclusion of the argument above to be properly drawn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6764, "premise": "Reducing the death penalty does not mean that loopholes can be exploited. In fact, one of the conditions for abolishing the death penalty in any country is that the judicial justice in this country reaches a certain degree, otherwise people do not have confidence in the administration of justice, people will want to impose more death sentences, so they complement each other.", "hypothesis": "The they in the above text refers to reduce the death penalty and national judicial justice.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 704, "premise": "Inference by complete induction: it refers to the conclusion that each individual food in a certain kind of food has a certain property, and this kind of food generally has this property:", "hypothesis": "In a class society, literature and art have a class nature belongs to inference by complete induction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3651, "premise": "The higher the altitude, the smaller the atmospheric pressure. Because the altitude of Lanzhou is higher than that of Tianjin, the atmospheric pressure of Lanzhou is lower than that of Tianjin.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning that the older a tree is, the more rings it has and that the age of the locust tree in Lao Zhang's yard is older than that of Lao Li's family, so the locust tree of Lao Zhang's family has more rings than Lao Li's is similar to the reasoning in the question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 736, "premise": "Social self-organization refers to a social organization that is established spontaneously, develops independently, acts independently, has a certain scale, exists in the form of non-governmental organizations, and gradually moves from disorder to order.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, A group of young people set up animal shelters to adopt all kinds of abandoned pets does not belong to social self-organization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15025, "premise": "The tiny country of Minlandia does not produce its own television programming. Instead, the citizens of Minlandia, who generally are fluent not only in their native Minlandian, but also in Boltese, watch Boltese-language television programs from neighboring Bolta. Surveys show that the Minlandians spend on average more hours per week reading for pleasure and fewer hours per week watching television than people anywhere else in the world. A prominent psychologist accounts for the survey results by explaining that people generally prefer to be entertained in their native language even if they are perfectly fluent in other languages.", "hypothesis": "At least some of what the Minlandians read for pleasure is in the Minlandian language is an assumption required by the psychologist's explanation of the Minlandians' behavior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4821, "premise": "A village has a total of 800 acres of land, which is evenly distributed to 500 farmers", "hypothesis": "Each farmer can be allocated 1.6 acres of land.", "label": "entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 13623, "premise": "Sedimentary rock hardens within the earth' s crust as layers of matter accumulate and the pressure of the layers above converts the layers below into rock. One particular layer of sedimentary rock that contains an unusual amount of the element iridium has been presented as support for a theory that a meteorite collided with the earth some sixty million years ago. Meteorites are rich in iridium compared to the earth' s crust, and geologists theorize that a meteorite' s collision with the earth raised a huge cloud of iridium-laden dust. The dust, they say, eventually settled to earth where it combined with other matter, and as new layers accumulated above it, it formed a layer of iridium-rich rock.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Sixty million years ago there was a surge in volcanic activity in which the matter spewed from the volcanoes formed huge iridium-rich dust clouds' would counter the claim that the iridium-rich layer described in the passage is evidence for the meteorite collision theory.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2096, "premise": "In recent years, the rapid development of science and technology has not only provided inspiration for science fiction creation, but also provided rich materials for science fiction creation. The theme of science fiction revolves around the fantasy of science and technology, revealing the social problems brought by the development of science and technology and its enlightenment to human beings. Therefore, the vigorous development of science fiction is the result of the development of science and technology.", "hypothesis": "Science fiction shows human aspirations and ultimately promotes the development of science and technology to make those dreams come true can best weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4122, "premise": "The revocable of a contract refers to the fact that the expression of intent is not true, and the contract that has been in effect is eliminated through the exercise of the right of cancellation by the person with the right to cancel. A contract with a reason for cancellation is called a cancelable contract. This type of contract is mostly a contract established due to a major misunderstanding. Contracts established due to fraud, contracts established due to duress, etc.", "hypothesis": "A urgently needs money for medical treatment, B offers to buy A's precious oil painting at a price nearly 5 times lower than the market, and A reluctantly signs a contract with B is an example of contracts that are revocable.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2428, "premise": "A crime research report revealed that 60% of serious criminal cases in a city in the past three years were committed by 350 habitual criminals on record. The report also reveals that more than half of the perpetrators of serious criminal cases are also drug addicts.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertions are true, most of the drug addicts are among 350 habitual criminals must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 305, "premise": "Due to problems in chemical fertilizers, pesticide application and management techniques in recent years, the production of green onions in the main producing areas of northern China has dropped significantly, and domestic prices have risen rapidly. If we want to maintain domestic prices, we must strictly limit the export of green onions. Because the export contracts of companies engaged in the export trade of green onions are signed at low prices, if they continue to perform the contracts when the price of green onions rises sharply, these companies will suffer serious losses. However, if the export of green onions is strictly restricted, China's share of the international green onion market will be replaced by other countries or regions.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, then if we want to maintain the stability of domestic green onion prices, we will lose our share of the international green onion market.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12046, "premise": "Perception cannot be a relationship between a conscious being and a material object that causes that being to have beliefs about that object. For there are many imperceptible material objects about which we have beliefs.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Liberty cannot be the obligation of other people not to prevent one from doing as one wishes. For no matter what one tries to do some people will try to prevent it\" is most closely parallel in its flawed reasoning to the flawed reasoning in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9491, "premise": "The psychologists examined 450 middle-aged men and women, ranging from white-collar and blue-collar workers to skill-judgment and decision-makers. It turns out that executives in key positions are generally fatter than the average employee. The researchers believe that the stress of making many decisions is relieved by diet, which ultimately changes the eating habits of executives to a certain extent. If you are lucky enough to get promoted, you will find that it is not only salary changes. more, and his waistline is also getting thicker, along with the weight gain.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is more difficult for senior executives to take time out to exercise to shrink their waistlines' most casts doubt on the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14316, "premise": "Principle: People should buy an expensive antique only if they can be confident of its authenticity and they find the piece desirable for its intrinsic qualities and not just for its value as an investment. Application: Matilde should not buy the expensive antique vase offered for sale on the Internet.", "hypothesis": "While this style of vase is not currently sought after by other collectors, Matilde has acquired quite a few similar pieces and has developed significant expertise in identifying counterfeits most helps to justify the above application of the principle.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6324, "premise": "The accumulation standard refers to the actual allowable concentration of a specific chemical substance in the sediment that does not cause harm to the benthic organisms or the quality of the overlying water body.It is not only the improvement of water quality benchmarks, but also the basis for evaluating sediment pollution and ecological risks, and a basic element of lake ecological environmental quality evaluation. Foreign research on sediment benchmarks began in the 1980s, but has not yet formed a complete and comprehensive a unified sediment benchmark system. Due to the complexity of the migration, transformation, bioaccumulation and interface processes of pollutants in sediments, there is still a lack of key research methods. Many domestic scientists have done a lot of useful exploration, but research is still relatively fragmented, and no national authorities have issued benchmark standards for lake sediments.", "hypothesis": "There have been many advances in the research on sediment benchmarks is meant to illustrate.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7028, "premise": "If criticism is not free, praise is meaningless. In a sense, the credibility of praise depends on the freedom of criticism. If we are in an environment where we can't freely express criticism, no matter how fully the voice of praise is expressed, we can't let the public believe it, Because the most authentic evaluation is always produced in a freely competitive speech environment. Once this institutional soil to ensure the credibility of praise speech is missing, even if the praise really comes from the true feelings of the parties, the effect will be greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate gist of the passage is that both criticism and praise need a free speech environment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7924, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that the rifting process at the bottom of the ocean never stops. The discovery may answer a question that has attracted attention. Earth's days are lengthening by 1/700 of a second, or half a second for every year that passes, and it is predicted that in another 200 million years there will be only 250 days in a year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The ocean floor rifts spread, and the Earth's rotation slows' is the most accurate answer to a question that has attracted attention according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6715, "premise": "In today's era, our labor can be divided into two parts, one is the labor paid in order to obtain the necessary means of livelihood for today's survival, and the other is the labor paid in advance for development.When the ratio of the former is greater than the latter, it shows that our labor is still in a lower stage, while the latter is much larger than the former, it means that our labor level has been greatly improved.Therefore, only through social development and progress and improving people's efficiency and level can we truly realize the complete liberation of human beings.", "hypothesis": "In today's era, the main purpose of our labor is to obtain the means of living necessary for survival is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3565, "premise": "Explicit cost: refers to the actual expenditure of the manufacturer to purchase or rent the production factors needed in the production factor market, that is, the monetary amount that the company pays to the owner of economic resources outside the company. For example, the production costs paid, wage costs, marketing Expenses, etc., so it is a tangible cost.", "hypothesis": "A monthly salary of 10,000 yuan paid by the company to the department manager is not an explicit cost according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9161, "premise": "A unit arranges 6 people on duty on The first day, the second day, the third day of the new year. They are G., H, K, L, P, and S. Two people are required to be on duty every day. The personnel arrangement must meet the following conditions: (1) L and P must be on duty on the same day. (2) G and H cannot be on duty on the same day. (3) If K is on duty in the first day, then G is on duty in the second day. (4) ) If S is on duty in the third day, then H is on duty in the second day.", "hypothesis": "K and G are not on duty on the same day must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9622, "premise": "In the 400-meter race, Luo, Fang, Xu, Lu, Tian and Shi were divided into a group. They are standing on track 1 to 6 from the inside out. With regard to their location, it is known that: (1) the track of Tian and Shi is adjacent; (2) the number of Lu's track is smaller than that of Luo; (3) there are two tracks between Tian and Luo; (4) the track number of Fang is smaller than Lu, and there are two tracks in the middle.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Tian may be on track 6.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10181, "premise": "According to four major studies conducted over the past decade, the number of obese children in Beijing's urban areas has been on the rise, with more than 85 percent of children of the same age being considered obese.", "hypothesis": "The number of non-obese children in urban Beijing has also been on the rise for a decade if the findings in the survey are correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4501, "premise": "House economy, also called idler economy, refers to the phenomenon that people allocate holiday time to family life and reduce consumption and bring business opportunities.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, providing on-site CD rental service near a residential area is considered as house economy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11006, "premise": "To act responsibly in one' s professional capacity, one must act on the basis of information that one has made a reasonable effort to make sure is accurate and complete.", "hypothesis": "Jennifer did not act responsibly in deciding where to go on her vacation because, instead of carefully weighing her options, she waited until the last minute and decided on impulse is a judgment that most closely conforms to the principle cited above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6018, "premise": "The economic system belongs to the relations of production. At present, although the relations of production of public ownership is dominant in our country, but productivity is low,.The contradiction that causes productivity and Relations of production is very outstanding.", "hypothesis": "To reform the economic system, we must first vigorously develop the productivity can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13114, "premise": "During 1991 the number of people in the town of Bayburg who received municipal food assistance doubled, even though the number of people in Bayburg whose incomes were low enough to qualify for such assistance remained unchanged.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"During 1991 Bayburg's program of rent assistance for low-income tenants advertised widely and then informed all applicants about other assistance programs for which they would be qualified\" most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5613, "premise": "In the process of moving from developing China to economically developed countries, a large amount of capital support is an essential condition, and a high savings rate is a necessary condition for obtaining a large amount of capital. At present, China is in the period of economic take-off. Therefore, a high savings rate is a normal and reasonable phenomenon in the current economic development.", "hypothesis": "If we don't get a lot of capital support, the savings rate is not high can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12414, "premise": "On Saturday Melvin suggested that Jerome take the following week off from work and accompany him on a trip to the mountains. Jerome refused, claiming that he could not afford the cost of the trip added to the wages he would forfeit by taking off without notice. It is clear, however, that cost cannot be the real reason for Jerome' s unwillingness to go with Melvin to the mountains, since he makes the same excuse every time Melvin asks him to take an unscheduled vacation regardless of where Melvin proposes to go.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning is most vulnerable to the criticism that it does not examine the possibility that Jerome's behavior is adequately explained by the reason he gives for it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12155, "premise": "A mathematical theorem proved by one mathematician should not be accepted until each step in its proof has been independently verified. Computer-assisted proofs generally proceed by conducting a vast number of calculations -- surveying all the possible types of instances in which the theorem could apply and proving that the theorem holds for each type. In most computer-assisted proofs there are astronomically many types of instances to survey, and no human being could review every step in the proof. Hence, computer-assisted proofs involving astronomically many types of instances should not be accepted.", "hypothesis": "The use of an independent computer program does not satisfy the requirement for independent verification of each step in a proof that is extended enough to be otherwise unverifiable is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10908, "premise": "Appendicitis (inflammation of the appendix) is potentially fatal; consequently, patients with symptoms strongly suggesting appendicitis almost always have their appendix removed. The appropriate surgery is low-risk but performed unnecessarily in about 20 percent of all cases. A newly developed internal scan for appendicitis is highly accurate, producing two misdiagnoses for every 98 correct diagnoses. Clearly, using this test, doctors can largely avoid unnecessary removals of the appendix without, however, performing any fewer necessary ones than before, since __.", "hypothesis": "The misdiagnoses produced by this test are always instances of attributing appendicitis to someone who does not, in fact, have it most logically completes the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7557, "premise": "O2O marketing method: OnlineToOffline, which refers to a business marketing model that uses the Internet as the front desk and uses online marketing to drive offline consumption. It usually includes merchants providing online product information, discount information, service reservations, consumer online prepaid, offline consumption, etc,offline consumption and other links to complete commodity transactions.", "hypothesis": "Xiaolan saw a long skirt she likes in a fashion magazine. Through a price comparison website, she found that the same long skirt in a shopping mall near her unit was on sale, so she bought it during the noon break is not O2O marketing methods.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4834, "premise": "In order to allow residents to have housing, a city to raise funds to promote the construction of affordable housing. Next year, the division's housing construction into the completion of the climax. At present, the general concern of the public is aroused by how to define the eligibility for housing protection. Some people think that affordable housing is funded by the Government and therefore can only be purchased by the public. For non-residents of this city, should not have the qualifications to apply for affordable housing.", "hypothesis": "In addition to government finance, there is also a large amount of commercial capital to finance housing construction best challenges this view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13104, "premise": "A recent study concludes that prehistoric birds, unlike modern birds, were cold-blooded. This challenges a widely held view that modern birds descended from warm-blooded birds. The conclusion is based on the existence of growth rings in prehistoric birds' bodily structures, which are thought to be found only in cold-blooded animals. Another study, however, disputes this view. It concludes that prehistoric birds had dense blood vessels in their bones, which suggests that they were active creatures and ttherefore had to be warm-blooded.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In some cold-blooded species the gene that is responsible for growth rings is also responsible for dense blood vessels' would most help to resolve the dispute described above in favor of one party to it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2868, "premise": "A new batch of liberal arts books were purchased by the library of a school. For the convenience of readers, the management staff made the following tips on the placement of these books in the new liberal arts book reading room: (1) The first three rows of bookcases have new philosophy books; (2) The new law books are all placed in the first three rows of bookcases.The left side of this row of bookcases also contains new economic books; (3) The new management books are placed in the last row of bookcases. In fact. All books are placed in accordance with the above tips. According to the prompt, Xu Li successfully found the new book she wanted to read.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, Xu Li finding a new philosophy book in the fourth row of bookcases is impossible.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8512, "premise": "A foreign company buys insects such as pseudo-walkers and crickets from farmers, processes them into powder or oil, and then mixes them with other ingredients to make delicious food that makes people unable to eat insects. The company made a profit of millions of dollars by selling the food in 2019. The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization affirmed the company's practice and pointed out that eating insects is conducive to dealing with worldwide food shortages and malnutrition.", "hypothesis": "Insects are rich in protein, fat, supplements vitamins and iron, and are large and low-cost supplementary foods can be used as the premise of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1177, "premise": "Social justice is not an abstract concept that arises out of thin air in people's minds, but the development of social development that comes into being with the emergence of society.Under different historical conditions, people's understanding of social justice is different. Engels once pointed out that the fairness of the Greeks and Romans believed that slavery was fair.The fairness of the bourgeoisie in 1789 demanded the abolition of feudalism because it was said to be unfair, so the concept of permanent fairness varied not only according to local conditions, but even from person to person.", "hypothesis": "The most likely meaning of the passage is that social justice has class character.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10362, "premise": "There are 6 pieces of blue and white porcelain: S, Y, M, Q, K, X. The age of each piece is different, and the exhibition is sorted from the earliest to the latest from left to right. The known conditions are as follows: (1) the age of M is earlier than that of X. (2) if the age of Y is earlier than that of M, then the age of Q is earlier than that of K and X. (3) if the age of M is earlier than that of Y, then the age of K is earlier than that of Q and X. (4) the age of S is either earlier than Y or M, and it can't have both.", "hypothesis": "The order of the exhibition is Y, S, M, X, Q, K.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8539, "premise": "Obligatory norms require people to do or not to do certain acts in some way. Authorized norms show that people have the right to do or not to do certain acts. The relationship between the two is: when an act is established as an obligation, it is also established as a right; denying that an act is an obligation does not mean denying that it is a right; when an act is established as a right, it does not mean that this kind of behavior is an obligation; denying a certain act is a right, that is, denying that a certain act is an obligation.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'If it is stipulated that citizens have the right to vote, it means that citizens have the duty to elect' is wrong.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8908, "premise": "Whether a person does good behavior or bad behavior depends on the length of his life. If he only had one day to live, it would be best for him to steal people's things, because he would not suffer the pain of fear of being caught. Stealing is not the best thing for someone who has 20 years left to live because he will suffer from the fear of being caught.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'For some thieves, the condemnation of conscience can cause more pain than the fear of being caught' would weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8181, "premise": "Xiao Quesang is a popular word on the Internet, which refers to small and definite depression, a small worry that continues to occur in daily life but cannot get rid of. Some experts have proposed that in the face of Xiao Quesang, people should not accept or endure it helplessly, but should make efforts to turn it into Xiao Quexing. Xiao Quexing is the tiny and real sense of luck and happiness that happens to happen in one's own life that people vaguely expect in their hearts.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Zhang's determination to buy a 5G mobile phone and the price reduction of 500 yuan belong to Xiaoquexing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5856, "premise": "In the fight against child trafficking, the police rescued a boy, in order to identify his hometown, the police conducted an investigation: Insider A said he may be from Sichuan, may also be from Guizhou; Insider B said he can't be from Sichuan; Insider C said he's definitely from Sichuan; insider D said he's not from Guizhou. The police determined that there was only one person whose story could not be trusted.", "hypothesis": "The boy's hometown can be identified by the police as Sichuan according to the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13550, "premise": "Psychologist: Doctors should never prescribe sedatives for people with insomnia. Most cases of insomnia that psychologists treat are known to be caused by psychological stress. This suggests that insomniacs do not need drugs that alter their biochemistry, but rather need psychotherapy to help them alleviate the stress causing their insomnia.", "hypothesis": "It presumes, without providing warrant, that insomnia contributes to an inability to cope with stress is a flaw in the psychologist's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10936, "premise": "In response to high mortality in area hospitals, surgery was restricted to emergency procedures during a five-week period. Mortality in these hospitals was found to have fallen by nearly one-third during the period. The number of deaths rose again when elective surgery (surgery that can be postponed) was resumed. It can be concluded that, before the five-week period, the risks of elective surgery had been incurred unnecessarily often in the area.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Elective surgery is, in general, less risky than is emergency surgery because the conditions requiring or indicating surgery are often less severe' most seriously undermines the conclusion above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1933, "premise": "In the development of more than 5000 years of civilization, the Chinese nation has created a broad and profound splendid culture. At present, how to make the cultural relics collected in the forbidden palace, the heritage displayed in the vast land, and the words written in ancient books alive has become a realistic problem that we must face. Just imagine, if traditional culture loses its connection with the times, lacks emotional communication and spiritual understanding with modern people, and only a few people sigh at each other in the study, what's the difference between that and a bunch of scattered symbols and rigid materials? Only by starting from the deep sleep and from the world of the museum building to the great world, can we cultivate more innovative cultural self-confidence with the characteristics of the times.", "hypothesis": "The emphasis of this paragraph is that cultural relics should be out of a closed state and open to the public.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4231, "premise": "Perceptual defense refers to an ideological method of self-protection of individuals, which makes it easier for people to observe, to meet the needs of individuals, and to meet the needs of individuals unrelated things, is to turn a blind eye, listen without asking.", "hypothesis": "Aspiring people should worry before everyone and have fun after everyone is not a perceptual defense.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9448, "premise": "At around 37\u00b0C, the human body is able to use minimal power to maintain a balance of body needs. That is to say, humans can achieve maximum mobility by acquiring a small amount of energy at 37\u00b0C. Therefore, for more than a century, 37 \u2103 has been regarded as the body temperature standard for human health. However, a recent study revealed that in the past century, human body temperature has been getting lower and lower under normal conditions, about 0.03 \u2103 every 10 years.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The greenhouse effect causes global temperature to rise, and it also makes humans cool down to fight the heat\" least supports the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12104, "premise": "A local group had planned a parade for tomorrow, but city hall has not yet acted on its application for a permit. The group had applied for the permit well in advance, had made sure their application satisfied all the requirements, and was clearly entitled to a permit. Although the law prohibits parades without a permit, the group plans to proceed with its parade. The group' s leader defended its decision by appealing to the principle that citizens need not refrain from actions that fail to comply with the law if they have made a good-faith effort to comply but are prevented from doing so by government inaction.", "hypothesis": "A city resident applied for rezoning of her property so that she could build a bowling alley in a residential community, based on the need for recreational facilities in the community. This action would be justified by the principle to which the leader of the group appealed in defending the decision to proceed.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5895, "premise": "Not long ago, there were many people type typography, morning paper sending and mechanical typing, and some people were skilled in these occupations. Today, these occupations have disappeared from society. Due to the development of genetic technology, it may help Mankind solves the problem of myopia, a few years later, today's very prosperous glasses industry may also tend to disappear.", "hypothesis": "Some people's career changes are related to technological development can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2291, "premise": "A community with a shared future for mankind means to take into account the reasonable concerns of other countries when pursuing its own interests, and to promote the common development of all countries in the pursuit of its own development. Mankind has only one earth, and all countries coexist in the same world. It is necessary to advocate the consciousness of a community with a shared future for mankind.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement that \"China is willing to always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of international order\" is not in line with the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4514, "premise": "In the headquarters of a famous multinational company, all the employees who know English are not proficient in Indonesian, some people who know English are not proficient in Spanish, some people who know Korean are proficient in Indonesian, all those who know Korean are proficient in Spanish, some who know Korean are proficient in English.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, some people who understand Indonesian are not proficient in Spanish is false.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14043, "premise": "Some managers think that the best way to maximize employee performance is to institute stiff competition among employees. However, in situations where one competitor is perceived to be clearly superior, other competitors become anxious and doubt their own ability to perform. Thus, stiff competition can undermine the result it was intended to achieve.", "hypothesis": "Doubting one's own ability to perform can decrease one's overall performance is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14697, "premise": "Traditionally, the most highly sought cars have been the sports cars and similar two-door models. Nevertheless, Zincstone Motors has chosen to eliminate the last two-door models and produce only four-door models.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"As American consumers lose access to car manufacturers who produce two-door cars, and as two-door cars occupy smaller and smaller shares of the United States car market, American consumers' tastes tend to shift from two-door cars\" would most help to explain Zincstone Motors' strategy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7790, "premise": "Rickets mood is one kind of the mood that is suppressed or that cannot be fully revealed or fully exploited.", "hypothesis": "At the karaoke concert, Pang Xu could not sing the high note because of the high pitch, so he had to finish the song reluctantly. After the concert, he burst into tears does not belong to the rickets mood.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10941, "premise": "In the Centerville Botanical Gardens, all tulip trees are older than any maples. A majority, but not all, of the garden' s sycamores are older than any of its maples. All the garden' s maples are older than any of its dogwoods.", "hypothesis": "Some sycamores are not as old as the oldest dogwoods must also be true of trees in the Centerville Botanical Gardens if the statements above are true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12376, "premise": "Psychologist: Although studies of young children have revealed important facts about the influence of the environment on language acquisition, it is clear that one cannot attribute such acquisition solely to environmental influences: innate mechanisms also play a role. So, the most reasonable question that ought to be studied is whether__.", "hypothesis": "Innate mechanisms play a more important role in language acquisition than a child's immediate environment most logically completes the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8447, "premise": "\u2460Language is a symbol system, and the symbol system of each language bears the imprint of culture, which is the result of the collective cognition of the language community, and is the carrier of culture, which is the body of language. \u2461Language and Culture is one with two sides, and no one can completely separate language and culture. This is determined by the attributes of language. \u2462Therefore, there is no need to highlight cultural communication in international Chinese education, because learning a language is impossible without involving this kind of language. The cultural content carried by language is self-evident .\u2463the values of people and social groups who use this language implicit in language, and such values are often unaware of. \u2464 language is also thinking Tools and communication tools. When we use a language to think and communicate, it is impossible not to be influenced by this language. This is like the use of a language.", "hypothesis": "If you rearrange the above five sentences, the correct word order is \u2461\u2460\u2464\u2463\u2462.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2063, "premise": "The predecessor of the Han nationality is basically Yan Emperor, and the two ethnic groups left by the Yellow Emperor are called Huaxia (some people think that Huaxia is a nation living in the Central Plains, Xia is a big country. There is etiquette to call it a great country; there is an article to call it China. Huaxia is the predecessor of the Han nationality. The concept of the Han nationality originated from the Wuhu Sixteen Kingdoms and was fixed later, so Huaxia is often used in the book to replace the Han nationality. The word China first comes from Yu Qizhai China by he Zun (unearthed in Baoji in the 1960 s) of the Zhou Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The Central Plains, the center of Chinese national life\" gives an accurate understanding of China in the last sentence of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13207, "premise": "Commissioner: I have been incorrectly criticized for having made my decision on the power plant issue prematurely. I based my decision on the report prepared by the neighborhood association and, although I have not studied it thoroughly, I am sure that the information it contains is accurate. Moreover, you may recall that when I received input from the neighborhood association on jail relocation, I agreed with its recommendation.", "hypothesis": "The commissioner's argument is LEAST vulnerable to the criticism that it takes for granted that the association's report is the only direct evidence that needed to be considered.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11241, "premise": "Very powerful volcanic eruptions send large amounts of ash high into the atmosphere, blocking sunlight and causing abnormally cold temperatures for a year or more after the eruption. In 44 B. C. there was a powerful eruption of Mount Etna in Sicily. In the following year, Chinese historians recorded summer frosts and dimmed sunlight in China, thousands of miles east of Sicily. If these phenomena were caused by volcanic ash in the atmosphere, then the ash sent into the atmosphere by Mount Etna' s eruption must have spread over great distances.", "hypothesis": "It would be most important to determine whether there were any volcanic eruptions near China around the time of Mount Etna's eruption in evaluating the support given for the conclusion advanced in the last sentence of the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5014, "premise": "Sixty percent of America's wind farms are located along a narrow corridor that stretches from Texas to the Great Lakes.Studies have shown that most of the areas where wind power has dropped the most in the past year coincide with this corridor.As a result, U.S. wind power output in the past year was significantly lower than the previous year.", "hypothesis": "The vast majority of wind power plants under construction or planned in the United States are also concentrated in this corridor is required for the inference to be valid.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10968, "premise": "Kimmy is a world famous actress. Millions of people downloaded her leaked movie co-starring her previous boyfriend. Kimmy earns millions through her television show and marketing appearances. There' s little wonder that paparazzi track her every move.", "hypothesis": "The primary purpose of the argument is to argue that Kimmy does not deserve her fame.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7730, "premise": "Staggered employment refers to college graduates who actively choose short-term study tours, internships, entrepreneurial investigations or voluntary services at the peak of job hunting, and postpone personal employment in order to find more suitable jobs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the graduation season, unlike other students who were busy sending resumes, Xiao Jin set up a shared office rental service company when he was a sophomore. As soon as he graduated, he could devote himself to the operation and management of the company' describes staggered employment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5335, "premise": "Public policy is an action plan or action rule formulated by a social public authority in a specific situation to achieve a certain goal.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Public authorities and non-governmental public organizations is not a public policy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15149, "premise": "People with higher-than-average blood levels of a normal dietary by-product called homocysteine are twice as likely to be diagnosed with Alzheimer' s disease as are those with average or below-average homocysteine levels. Thus, it is likely that the risk of developing Alzheimer' s disease could be reduced by including in one' s diet large amounts of B vitamins and folic acid, which convert homocysteine into substances known to have no relation to Alzheimer' s disease.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People whose relatives contracted Alzheimer's disease are much more likely to develop Alzheimer's than those whose relatives did not' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10723, "premise": "Company X conducted a taste test to determine whether its new soft drink had a good chance of commercial success. A sample of consumers was asked to compare the flavor of the new soft drink to that of an established brand without knowing the true identity of either beverage. Overwhelmingly, the consumers preferred the taste of the proposed soft drink to that of the established brand. Clearly, Company X has a good chance of commercial success with its new soft drink.", "hypothesis": "The new soft drink will cost more than three times as much as any other soft drink on the market would most seriously weaken the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11557, "premise": "All any reporter knows about the accident is what the press agent has said. Ttherefore, if the press agent told every reporter everything about the accident, then no reporter knows any more about it than any other reporter. If no reporter knows any more about the accident than any other reporter, then no reporter can scoop all of the other reporters. However, the press agent did not tell every reporter everything about the accident. It follows that some reporter can scoop all of the other reporters.", "hypothesis": "The argument's reasoning is flawed because the argument fails to recognize that no reporter knows any more about the accident than any other reporter is consistent with the facts the argument presents.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10705, "premise": "The population of songbirds throughout England has decreased in recent years. Many people explain this decrease as the result of an increase during the same period in the population of magpies, which eat the eggs and chicks of songbirds.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although the overall population of magpies has increased, in most areas of England in which the songbird population has decreased, the number of magpies has remained stable' argues most strongly against the explanation reported in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2743, "premise": "Violations of the law must be prosecuted, but there is almost no punishment for violations of morality. If this becomes a routine, the people will lose their moral constraints. The threat of moral runaway to social stability is no less than that of law. Therefore, in order to maintain social stability, any violation of morality can not go unpunished.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"There are loopholes in the above argument, which ignores that those who break the law must be prosecuted, and those who are immoral must be prosecuted\" is the most appropriate evaluation of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2634, "premise": "Li Ming, Wang Bing and Jack Ma made the following predictions for stock A and stock B respectively: Li Ming: as long as stock A does not rise, stock B will not rise. Wang Bing: at least one of stock An and stock B does not rise. Jack Ma: stock A rises if and only if stock B.", "hypothesis": "If all three of the predictions are true, neither stock A nor stock B rose fits their predictions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6316, "premise": "The traditional theory believes that due to climate change, human ancestors were forced to leave the arboreal environment and chose to walk upright on the ground. A recent study believes that early humans walked upright in the rugged mountainous regions of eastern and southern Africa today. The terrain was formed by volcanic eruptions and tectonic plate movements during the Pliocene. Human ancestors were attracted by rocky terrain and canyons. They can provide a good sheltered habitat and give them the opportunity to trap prey. This environment required early humans to have the ability to walk and climb upright, so human ancestors eventually evolved to walk upright on two legs.", "hypothesis": "The latest research concludes that human ancestors were forced to leave their original living environment due to lack of food.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4091, "premise": "The fair world fallacy refers to people's tendency to think that the world we live in is fair. A person achieves something because he must have done something right, so this achievement is what he deserves; if a person encounters misfortune, he himself is also responsible or even take the blame.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, 'Heaven is the most fair and tolerant, but it won't let a wicked person go' does not reflect the fair world fallacy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6784, "premise": "Life is a great adventure full of unexpected gains, which may seem difficult to grasp, but opportunities are everywhere. If you have never made a mistake, or no one has ever criticized you, then you have never made any bold attempt. If a person lives like this, he will certainly not be able to reach his full potential and it will be very difficult for him to really enjoy life.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of this passage is that it is impossible for one to never make mistakes.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6764, "premise": "Reducing the death penalty does not mean that loopholes can be exploited. In fact, one of the conditions for abolishing the death penalty in any country is that the judicial justice in this country reaches a certain degree, otherwise people do not have confidence in the administration of justice, people will want to impose more death sentences, so they complement each other.", "hypothesis": "The \"they\" in the above text refers to reduce the death penalty and national judicial justice.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10758, "premise": "If cold fusion worked, it would provide almost limitless power from very inexpensive raw materials, materials far cheaper than coal or oil. But replacing all the traditional electric generators that use these fuels with cold-fusion power plants would result in a reduction of no more than 25 percent in the average residential electric bill.", "hypothesis": "Only a relatively small portion of any residential electric bill is determined by the electric company's expenses for fuel is an option that does not help to resolve the apparent discrepancy between the predictions above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6105, "premise": "Thousands of years ago, in the humid and hot virgin forests of Africa, indigenous people danced and sang freely and enthusiastically with fire piles and following various complex rhythms. This kind of song may not be music in the eyes of some civilized people. However, this kind of sound is the most primitive. It is the sound of life issued by tenacious instinct in a bad environment. If blues music is the root of many music, then, The above is the root of this root.", "hypothesis": "The article should tell about the expression of human instinct in primitive music next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12974, "premise": "Currently, warm-blooded pets are allowed to enter the country only if they have a certificate showing that they have been vaccinated against rabies. This policy is flawed because vaccinations sometimes fail to take effect. If the vaccination is successful, the animal has a high level of rabies antibodies in its blood. Ttherefore, a more effective means of preventing pets with rabies from entering the country would be to administer blood tests and refuse entry to any pets whose blood did not contain a high level of rabies antibodies.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is no way to distinguish between high antibody levels caused by active infection and high levels caused by successful immunization' most substantially weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7888, "premise": "Invisible implantation refers to the propaganda strategy that affects the audience unconsciously through peripheral information, symbol system and other imperceptible forms.", "hypothesis": "Invisible implantation is when Xiao Li secretly replaced her husband's mobile phone screensaver with wedding photos to remind him of their upcoming wedding anniversary.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11604, "premise": "A major art theft from a museum was remarkable in that the pieces stolen clearly had been carefully selected. The criterion for selection, however, clearly had not been greatest estimated market value. It follows that the theft was specifically carried out to suit the taste of some individual collector for whose private collection the pieces were destined.", "hypothesis": "The argument tacitly appeals to the principle that art thefts committed with no preexisting plan for the disposition of the stolen works do not always involve theft of the most valuable pieces only.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2434, "premise": "Xiao Zhang asked Xiao Li to go to the mall the next day. Xiao Li said, if it doesn't rain tomorrow, I'll climb the mountain. The next day, it began to drizzle. Xiao Zhang thought Xiao Li would not climb the mountain, so he went to Xiao Li's dormitory to find him and learned that Xiao Li still went to climb the mountain. When the two met again, Xiao Zhang blamed Xiao Li for breaking his promise and saying why he went climbing when it was raining. Xiao Li said that he had not broken his promise and  Xiao Zhang's inference was illogical.", "hypothesis": "The argument arose because Xiao Li broke his promise is the appropriate option for the argument between the two people.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10432, "premise": "Wang Gang: It is confirmed that more than 80% of heroin users have a history of smoking marijuana. Such data seem to suggest that marijuana use will definitely lead to heroin use. Li Yan: Maybe marijuana use does lead to heroin use, but citing the statistics you mentioned to prove this is absurd, because 100% of heroin users have a history of drinking water.", "hypothesis": "Li Yan used the argumentation technique of questioning the practice of establishing causality based solely on statistics in response to Wang Gang's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5768, "premise": "It is generally believed that maintaining an optimistic attitude will promote health. However, a ten-year follow-up study of 70,000 women in their 50s found that subjects who maintained an optimistic attitude for a long time and pessimistic subjects had  no difference in mortality rate. Researchers believe that optimism has nothing to do with health.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Women are better at maintaining harmonious interpersonal relationships, and good interpersonal relationships contribute to health' would most question the researcher's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14776, "premise": "For the past 13 years, high school guidance counselors nationwide have implemented an aggressive program to convince high school students to select careers requiring college degrees. The government reported that the percentage of last year' s high school graduates who went on to college was 15 percent greater than the percentage of those who graduated 10 years ago and did so. The counselors concluded from this report that the program had been successful.", "hypothesis": "The guidance counselors' reasoning depends on the assumption that many of last year's graduates who went on to college did so in order to prepare for careers requiring college degrees.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8510, "premise": "As a positive and effective development model, global tourism emphasizes that the development of tourism adapts to the carrying capacity of resources and environment. By comprehensively optimizing tourism resources, infrastructure, tourism functions, tourism elements and industrial layout, better dredge and reduce the bearing pressure of the core scenic spots, and better protect the core resources and ecological environment. Realizing the rational layout and optimal allocation of facilities, elements and functions in space is of great significance to promote the new pattern of ecological protection.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is \"Optimizing industrial layout with the view of global tourism environment.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9451, "premise": "All leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people will be respected by everyone; and leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people pay special attention to how to solve livelihood problems such as housing, medical treatment, education and pensions. Therefore, those leading cadres who do not pay attention to how to solve the problems of people's livelihood will not be respected by everyone.", "hypothesis": "In order to ensure that the above argument is established, the premise that all leading cadres who are respected by everyone are leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people must be added.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1821, "premise": "The era of big data has come, in which case big data has become an intangible resource, but few people know how to realize this kind of assets. For an ordinary enterprise, enterprises not only have valuable customer data, but also have supplier data and internal finance.Data such as design and manufacturing management, and in the past few decades, many Chinese enterprises have completed the information application step by step and various information tools are digitizing the operation of the enterprise.However, few enterprises really get more value information from complex data and become a kind of asset, but it only stays on the surface for a long time.", "hypothesis": "The existing data model is difficult to meet the needs of enterprise operation digitization is intended to be explained in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12521, "premise": "Rossi: It is undemocratic for people to live under a government in which their interests are not represented. So children should have the right to vote, since sometimes the interests of children are different from those of their parents. Smith: Granted, children' s interests are not always the same as their parents' ; governmental deficits incurred by their parents' generation will later affect their own generation' s standard of living. But even if children are told about the issues affecting them, which is not generally the case, their conceptions of what can or should be done are too simple, and their time horizons are radically different from those of adults, so we cannot give them the responsibility of voting.", "hypothesis": "Rossi's argument makes an appeal to a general principle.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 867, "premise": "Scientific and technological strength refers to the country's ability to use various scientific and technological resources nationally and globally in order to pursue and achieve development strategic goals. It includes scientific innovation capabilities, technological innovation capabilities, the ability to use new technologies, and the use of global information, and the ability to invest in research and development. The scientific and technological strength of a country is shown in the ability to acquire, utilize and allocate various scientific and technological resources for the country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the static strength of the country's science and technology is the scientific and technological strength of a country.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10756, "premise": "Plantings of cotton bioengineered to produce its own insecticide against bollworms, a major cause of crop failure, sustained little bollworm damage until this year. This year the plantings are being seriously damaged by bollworms. Bollworms, however, are not necessarily developing resistance to the cotton' s insecticide. Bollworms breed on corn, and last year more corn than usual was planted throughout cotton-growing regions. So it is likely that the cotton is simply being overwhelmed by corn-bred bollworms.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, it would be most useful to establish whether plantings of cotton that does not produce the insecticide are suffering unusually extensive damage from bollworms this year.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5617, "premise": "Country A has produced a new type of fighter Su-30, but country B has two different voices on whether to introduce this fighter. Supporters believe that Su-34 has more powerful ground attack combat capability than the previously introduced Su-30", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Su-30 is enough to meet the needs of ground attack. At present, what country B needs to improve is the combat capability of air attack\" weakens the voice of supporters.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10313, "premise": "Seven athletes took part in the men's 5km final: S, T, U, W, X, Y and Z. The clothes worn by athletes are either red or green, and no athletes reach the finish line at the same time. The known information is as follows: for athletes who arrive at the finish line one after another, their clothes are not all red. Y reached the finish line some time before T and W. Two of the athletes who reached the finish line before Y happened to be dressed in red. S is the sixth athlete to reach the finish line. Z arrives at the finish line at some time before U.", "hypothesis": "T and S cannot all wear red clothes.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2281, "premise": "Word-of-mouth marketing: refers to the use of effective means to allow consumers to introduce and recommend the company's products, services or overall image among relatives and friends.", "hypothesis": "The impression that Aunt Li posted her use process with pictures and texts in the circle of friends every day and won thousands of likes belongs to word-of-mouth marketing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4265, "premise": "Water tourism refers to a short-term experience with social, leisure and consumption attributes that people go to water and its surrounding areas for the main purpose of seeking pleasure. It has gradually become an important carrier for people's leisure, fashion and regional tourism development. Water tourism resources refer to waters and related shores, islands, forests and grasses, buildings and other natural and cultural landscapes that are attractive to people.", "hypothesis": "A forest park built a free pond with thousands of Koi does not belong to water tourism resources according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 970, "premise": "The elderly often suffer from some chronic diseases caused by high blood lipids. People's attitudes towards this are often extreme. One side is completely ignoring it and satisfy their appetite. The other side is oversensitive, completely rejecting all fat and meats, which instead, leads to malnutrition and nutritional imbalance.", "hypothesis": "Elevated blood lipids in the elderly can easily lead to cardiovascular disease, and fatty food should be avoided can be inferred based on the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8661, "premise": "Faith is the foundation of morality. Morality without faith is water without a source and a tree without roots. People without faith have no moral bottom line; and once a person has no moral bottom line, then the law is not binding on him. Law, morality and faith are the basic guarantee of the harmonious operation of the society, and faith is the cornerstone of the harmonious operation of the society.", "hypothesis": "The law is binding only on people of faith can be inferred according to the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13768, "premise": "Humanitarian considerations aside, sheer economics dictates that country X should institute, as country Y has done, a nationwide system of air and ground transportation for conveying seriously injured persons to specialized trauma centers. Timely access to the kind of medical care that only specialized centers can provide could save the lives of many people. The earnings of these people would result in a substantial increase in country X' s gross national product, and the taxes paid on those earnings would substantially augment government revenues.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that there would be a net increase in employment in country X if more persons survived serious injury.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10515, "premise": "A music producer is recording seven records one after another: F, G, H, J, K, L and M, but it doesn't have to be in this order. When arranging the recording order of these seven records, the following conditions must be met: (l) F must be in the second place. (2) J can not be ranked seventh. (3) G can neither be immediately in front of H nor immediately after H. (4) H must be somewhere in front of L. (5) L must be somewhere in front of M.", "hypothesis": "If G is immediately in front of H but all other conditions are still valid, J is immediately after K is false.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1102, "premise": "Due to iron deficiency, 40% to 60% of babies face the threat of brain retardation, and about 100,000 babies face the threat of death during the perinatal period every year. Based on the experience of developed countries and adapting to the dietary habits of the Chinese people, experts have proposed the status quo of iron-fortified soy sauce. As long as the consumption of iron soy sauce, the status quo of iron deficiency can be basically improved. The government accepted the opinions of experts, launched a national nutritional improvement project for iron-fortified soy sauce, and took measures to ensure that the price of iron soy sauce was equivalent to that of ordinary soy sauce. It is a pity that no one is aware of the public welfare nutrition improvement plan, and most of the iron soy sauce is sleeping on the shelves so far.", "hypothesis": "The main thrust of this passage is that consumption of iron-fortified soy sauce cannot solve the problem of iron deficiency in infants.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9130, "premise": "A netizen: few people will support proposals that harm their interests. However, according to the Beijing Times,during the 17-day of the I offer suggestions for Public Transport Price Reform campaign, most of the tens of thousands of people who participated in the event were in favor of raising the fares of subway and bus. Let everyone pay more and like it, the result must be fake.", "hypothesis": "Many citizens want to improve the environment by raising fares cannot question the netizen's judgment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11104, "premise": "Congress has passed a law that scales back the tax credits offered to purchasers of hybrid cars. Because of this, the number of hybrid cars sold each year, which has approximately doubled in each of the last five years, is likely to flatten in the next few years.", "hypothesis": "Most people buy hybrid cars for reasons other than to save money in the long run weakens the conclusion that the number of hybrid cars sold annually is likely to flatten in the next few years.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1001, "premise": "Trying to control the formation of others' impressions of themselves is called impression management.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Zhao was late for class, apologized to the teacher and explained the reason for being late does not belong to impression management.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6403, "premise": "The southernmost mountain system in South America and the southernmost mountain system in Africa have the same geological structure, the same minerals, and the same age. If the two continents are moved together, they become the same mountain system.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement \"There are land and sea on the earth\" is inconclusive.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10571, "premise": "In a business whose owners and employees all belong to one family, the employees can be paid exceptionally low wages. Hence, general operating expenses are much lower than they would be for other business ventures, making profits higher. So a family business is a family' s surest road to financial prosperity.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument presumes, without providing justification, that only businesses with low general operating expenses can succeed.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4394, "premise": "Tujia dog is a small hairless beast that only lives in the southern United States. Before humans settled in the southern United States, Tujia's natural enemies were not strong, so Tujia thrived in the southern United States. When humans began to hunt them, Tujia dog became extinct. Therefore, it must be people's minefields that led to its extinction.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the southern United States, people hunted another mammal that is easy to be preyed on by natural enemies, but has never been extinct' weakens the reasoning above most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7905, "premise": "An economic expert pointed out that the key to the success of central macro-control lies in how to arrange as many employees as possible and take into account the basic stability of prices. Inflation is not the most terrible thing. It is impossible to maintain high economic growth without a certain amount of inflation.", "hypothesis": "Improper employment arrangement is more harmful than inflation is the main point of view supported in the above paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10515, "premise": "A music producer is recording seven records one after another: F, G, H, J, K, L and M, but it doesn't have to be in this order. When arranging the recording order of these seven records, the following conditions must be met: (l) F must be in the second place. (2) J can not be ranked seventh. (3) G can neither be immediately in front of H nor immediately after H. (4) H must be somewhere in front of L. (5) L must be somewhere in front of M.", "hypothesis": "If G is immediately in front of H but all other conditions are still valid, J is immediately after L is false.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13562, "premise": "In a recent experiment, researchers concluded that the phenomenon known as runner' s high was caused by a biochemical reaction in the brain. Long-distance runners who ran long enough produced chemicals that have an opioid-like effect on mood. These runners not only felt euphoric after running, but they had a higher pain tolerance than the average person as well.", "hypothesis": "Long-distance runners have a higher pain tolerance than the average person is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3662, "premise": "If the electricity runs out, the electric bike will not be able to move on. My electric bike can't go on, so the electricity must have run out.", "hypothesis": "Xiaomei bought high-end cosmetics, so Xiaomei has been to Hong Kong is the reasoning that is most similar to that of the question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2229, "premise": "In the increasingly modern era, digital all-intelligent industry and the current large industry are the productive forces most dependent on social development. Handicraft, as an ancient human production, life style can also play its economic auxiliary role, but its cultural function significance will become increasingly prominent. Similar to the indispensability of spiritual Utopia, the existence of handicrafts will provide modern people with the opportunity to return to simple human nature and look back on human childhood, and the revitalization of traditional crafts will also open up a new realm of modern life and cultural creation.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis in this passage is the close relationship between cultural creation and traditional handicrafts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11730, "premise": "The Hyksos invaded the Nile Delta of Egypt and ruled it from 1650 to 1550 B. C. Their origin is uncertain, but archaeologists hypothesize that they were Canaatites. In support of this hypothesis, the archaeologists point out that excavations of Avaris, the Hyksos capital in Egypt, have uncovered large numbers of artifacts virtually identical to artifacts produced in Ashkelon, a major city of Canaan at the time of the Hyksos' invasion.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the force of the archaeologists' evidence, it would be most useful to determine whether artifacts from Ashkelon were widely traded to non-Canaanite cities.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12177, "premise": "Columnist: Much of North America and western Europe is more heavily forested and has less acid rain and better air quality now than five decades ago. Though this may be due largely to policies advocated by environmentalists, it nonetheless lends credibility to the claims of people who reject predictions of imminent ecological doom and argue that environmental policies that excessively restrict the use of natural resources may diminish the wealth necessary to adopt and sustain the policies that brought about these improvements.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Nations sustain their wealth largely through industrial use of the natural resources found within their boundaries' most strengthens the columnist's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9725, "premise": "As the saying goes, if you want to be in good health, eat walnuts every day. the saying condensed into years of experience must have its truth. Recently, studies have confirmed that eating more walnuts is really good for intestinal health, can increase a large number of beneficial intestinal bacteria, so it is good for the human heart.", "hypothesis": "The intestinal tract, which is full of probiotics, can protect human heart and health for a long time can be used as the premise of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3262, "premise": "The development of personal moral judgment ability goes through six stages: first, the stage of avoiding punishment and obeying authority or rules to avoid punishment; Second, the relative utilitarian orientation stage, the evaluation of good or bad behavior mainly depends on whether it is in line with their own interests; Third, seeking recognition orientation stage, obeying the traditional requirements, seeking everyone's appreciation and recognition; Fourthly, the stage of compliance with laws and regulations, obeying social norms and obeying legal authority; Fifth, the social legal orientation stage, values the effectiveness of the law, but thinks that the law can be changed according to the requirements of the majority of people; The sixth is the stage of universal ethical orientation, which holds that the behavior in line with the most general principles of human beings, such as justice, equality and dignity, is correct.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, if a person thinks that all employees of the company have participated in the dinner, so he should also participate in the dinner, the development stage of his personal moral judgment ability is the Universal ethical orientation stage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12088, "premise": "The body of anyone infected by virus X will, after a week, produce antibodies to fight the virus; the antibodies will increase in number for the next year or so. There is now a test that reliably indicates how many antibodies are present in a person' s body. If positive, this test can be used during the first year of infection to estimate to within a month how long that person has had the virus.", "hypothesis": "Antibodies increase in number only until they have defeated the virus is the conclusion that is best supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4055, "premise": "New research has found that a gene in the brain called SIRT1 directs the synthesis of proteins in the thalamus. The SIRT1 gene weakens with age and the protein it directs synthesis decreases gradually. So the researchers speculate that the gene leads to weight gain in middle age.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The thalamus is related to weight control. The more proteins are synthesized in the thalamus, the more effectively the weight gain can be curbed' is a prerequisite for this conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1405, "premise": "Many ethnic groups in the world are facing the loss of the right to speak their mother tongue on the world stage and have to rely on the West to make up for the spoken and written language, so that their own culture is gradually weakened.", "hypothesis": "The passage demonstrates the reasons for the gradual weakening of national culture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 530, "premise": "American management scientists put forward the famous Cannikin's law, which tells us that the value of a barrel composed of multiple boards lies in its water holding capacity, but the key factor determining the water holding capacity of a barrel is not its longest board, but its shortest plate.", "hypothesis": "If we regard an enterprise as a barrel, weak links in enterprise construction and development determine the overall capability of the enterprise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 839, "premise": "Money laundering refers to the act of laundering dirty money and legalizing illegal income, that is, the process of laundering dirty money such as in drug crimes, organized crimes of the underworld, smuggling crimes, terrorist crimes, etc., and converting them into legal property .", "hypothesis": "A terrorist organization transferred part of its funds to one of its sub-organizations does not belong to money laundering.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1614, "premise": "On the whole, the GDP of the national economy is positively correlated with happiness. The more per capita income, the happier people are. However, when the GDP per capita exceeds 8000 US dollars, the correlation between happiness and economy is not obvious. According to the famous psychologist Seligman, wealth only has a great impact on happiness when it is scarce, and a particularly poor person will not feel happiness. But when wealth increases to a certain level, the correlation between wealth and happiness is much smaller. Even the top 100 millionaires in the Forbes list with a value of 125 million are only slightly happier than middle-income people.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of this paragraph is to state that the more wealth, the less happiness.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4653, "premise": "In order to prevent forest fires, forest experts in the United States have come up with a good method of fire prevention by fire: forest managers are required to regularly select the weather with low wind speed, low temperature and high temperature, and artificially burn the small trees, shrubs, dry branches and dead leaves under the trees, so as to prevent natural fires and help put out forest fires.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The forest disaster prevention measures of fire prevention are enlightening, and forest managers can adopt them in seasonal forest disaster prevention' cannot be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6084, "premise": "More and more people have become blind followers of the Internet. They are afraid that their habitual virtual identity will be preempted by others in an online community. This scene seems to be somewhat similar to the free e-mail boom around 1999. At that time, statistics show that each Internet user has registered an average of 8.6 e-mails. By 2005, only 18% of these e-mails were still in use, The average e-mail used by each Internet natural person is only 1.73. Similarly, only a few community registrants will become surviving online natural persons. Everyone's limited energy and time determine the ceiling height of online communities in the future.", "hypothesis": "The paragraph is intended to illustrate that we should not be blindly optimistic about the estimation of the scale of online communities in the future.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13267, "premise": "Skeletal remains of early humans indicate clearly that our ancestors had fewer dental problems than we have. So, most likely, the diet of early humans was very different from ours.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Early humans had a shorter average life span than we do, and the most serious dental problems now tend to develop late in life' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14789, "premise": "The manager of a nuclear power plant defended the claim that the plant was safe by revealing its rate of injury for current workers: only 3. 2 injuries per 200, 000 hours of work, a rate less than half the national average for all industrial plants. The manager claimed that, ttherefore, by the standard of how many injuries occur, the plant was safer than most other plants where the employees could work.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Workers at nuclear power plants are required to report to the manager any cases of accidental exposure to radiation' most calls into question the manager's claim.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7651, "premise": "The researchers tested a new longevity drug on two groups of white rabbits. They injected two identical groups of rabbits with the new drug, then kept one in a cage and the other in a natural environment. The results showed that the average life span of rabbits raised in natural environment was 1/10 longer than that of rabbits raised in cage. As a result, the researchers believe that the relaxed environment is conducive to the function of the new drug.", "hypothesis": "The most likely hypothesis for the researchers' conclusion is that the function of the new drug is closely related to the living environment of the subjects.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3983, "premise": "Conditional civil legal act means a civil legal act with a condition that determines the validity or elimination of the act.", "hypothesis": "The conditional civil legal act is A and B agreed to pay A 1000 yuan if A helped B to fight his enemies.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5847, "premise": "Internal stabilizers, also known as Automatic stabilizers, refer to the automatic stabilizers in the financial system, when the economy is in recession or overheating, there is no need for the government to change economic policies, it would automatically act as a brake on a recession or an overheating economy.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the function of internal stabilizer is to tend to rise when the economy is overheated and decline when the economy is depressed, thus playing a stabilizing role in the economy because of the progressive tax system in the tax system.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13433, "premise": "Political Advertisement: Mayor Delmont' s critics complain about the jobs that were lost in the city under Delmont' s leadership. Yet the fact is that not only were more jobs created than were eliminated, but the average pay for these new jobs has been higher than the average pay for jobs citywide every year since Delmont took office. So there can be no question that throughout Delmont' s tenure the average paycheck in this city has been getting steadily bigger.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Average pay in the city was at a ten-year low when Mayor Delmont took office' most strengthens the argument in the advertisement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 794, "premise": "The error of a specific administrative act refers to an obvious contradiction between the expression of the intention made by the administrative subject or the expression of the intention understood by the outside world and its true meaning in the specific administrative act. The defect of the specific administrative act refers to the fact that the administrative act does not have the legal requirements.", "hypothesis": "A tax authority has written a fine of 5,000 yuan as 500 yuan in the tax penalty notice made against a company is a flawed specific administrative act according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8803, "premise": "The United States adopted this policy after the 9.11 terrorist attack: Either stand with us against terrorism, then you are our friend; or do not stand with us, then you are our enemy.", "hypothesis": "If a professor has enough ability, he can even teach stupid students to pass; therefore, if he can't teach stupid students to pass, it means that his ability is not good enough is not the same as the expression in the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5106, "premise": "Consumer culture refers to the sum of people's consumption concept, consumption mode, consumption behavior and consumption environment in material production, spiritual production, social life and consumption activities in a certain historical stage.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'With the development of the Internet, many young people have opened their own online stores' does not belong to consumer culture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12450, "premise": "On completing both the course in experimental design and the developmental psychology course, Angela will have earned a degree in psychology. Since experimental design, which must be completed before taking developmental psychology, will not be offered until next term, it will be at least two terms before Angela gets her psychology degree.", "hypothesis": "Once Angela completes the developmental psychology course, she will have earned a degree in psychology must also be true if the statements above are all true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10878, "premise": "A new type of shaving cream has gotten excellent reviews, but there is a worry that an ingredient in the cream can cause a severe allergic reaction. If consumers test the product on a small area of skin before using it, however, a painful allergic reaction can certainly be prevented. Ttherefore, the fear of the cream causing allergic reactions is completely unfounded.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that the shaving cream can be tested on any area of the body, including the face.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15122, "premise": "Most people who ride bicycles for pleasure do not ride until the warm weather of spring and summery arrives. Yet it is probably more effective to advertise bicycles earlier in the year. Most bicycles are purchased in the spring, but once shoppers are ready to shop for a bicycle, they usually have already decided which brand and model of bicycle they will purchase. By then it is generally too late to induce them to change their minds.", "hypothesis": "The main point of the argument is that spring and summer are the time of year in which bicycle riding as a leisure activity is most popular.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 155, "premise": "Archaeology is a science that studies how to find and obtain the physical remains of ancient human society, and how to study the history of human society based on these remains. In other words, archaeology is the science of studying history through physical objects based on scientific excavation.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, study the age of unearthed farm tools belongs to archaeology.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9363, "premise": "Navigation satellites are located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers and can be navigated by receiving signals throughout their coverage area. Beyond 20,000 kilometers, a whole new navigation system is needed. Astronomers have proposed several possible navigation systems, the most talked about being pulsar navigation. Pulsars are neutron stars that emit radio or X-ray radiation in the direction of their magnetic poles. They pulse when the axis of rotation does not coincide with the magnetic poles and sweeps across the Earth. Some of these pulsars are so stable that they are comparable to the best atomic clocks on Earth that they are also known as the atomic clocks of the universe. If you can pick up their signals and know where they are, you can use them for interstellar voyages.", "hypothesis": "Experiments to verify the feasibility of pulsar navigation is most likely to be introduced next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1768, "premise": "In the first half of the year, it is almost the lowest grass on the grassland, only one inch high, but after half a year, once the rain comes, it is like magic, three or five days later, it has a height of 1.6 to 2 meters. It turns out that during the first six months, instead of not growing at all, it has been growing roots. Before the rainy season, although it appears an inch, its roots are more than 28 meters underground.", "hypothesis": "Judge not from appearances is a revelation for us.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2789, "premise": "A popular view is that people can predict earthquakes by the abnormal behavior of animals. In fact, this view is based on subjective analogy and does not necessarily reveal objective connections. A dog's abnormal behavior before the earthquake will naturally impress his owner: but in fact, dogs have abnormal behavior at any moment in the world.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the above argument, the question 'Are the abnormal behaviors of two different types of animals similar before the earthquake?' is the least important.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9567, "premise": "A newly opened north-south highway with six tunnels in the middle: Changchuan Tunnel, Damei Tunnel, Qingshan Peak Tunnel, Green Water Tunnel, Caishi Tunnel and Baiyu Tunnel. It is known that: (1) Baiyu Tunnel is in the north of Caishi Tunnel and is adjacent to Caishi Tunnel. Baiyu Tunnel is located in the south of Damei Tunnel but not adjacent to it. (2) there is a tunnel between Changchuan Tunnel and Qingshan Tunnel.", "hypothesis": "If the Green Water Tunnel is adjacent to the Baiyu Tunnel, then Qingshan Tunnel is in the third place from south to north.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11016, "premise": "Professor Edwards must have revealed information that was embarrassing to the university. After all, to have been publicly censured by the head of the university, as Edwards was, a professor must either have revealed information that embarrassed the university or have been guilty of gross professional negligence, and Edwards' professional behavior is impeccable.", "hypothesis": "The argument that anyone promoted to supervisor must either have worked on the shop floor for three years or have an influential sponsor, and that Daniels was promoted to supervisor after only one year on the shop floor, therefore he must have an influential sponsor, exhibits a pattern of reasoning most similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1167, "premise": "In China, all citizens are protected by the Constitution. On the contrary, it is dangerous and weird to talk about protecting the rich in the context of resources that the poor are not fully protected. It is likely to cause public opinion rupture and harm to the relationship between the rich and the poor. In a sense, on the stage of China's market economy, the profit-seeking nature of the rich groups represented by entrepreneurs seems to be more worthy of our vigilance than the struggling survival of the poor.", "hypothesis": "The most likely meaning of the passage is that it is wrong to talk about protecting the rich.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 846, "premise": "A company advertised: Half of the cameras produced by this company since 1995 are still in use, while two-thirds of the cameras produced by other companies at the same time cannot be used. The company hopes to use this advertisement to show consumers that the company's cameras are extremely durable.", "hypothesis": "People who buy the company's camera usually maintain the camera very well can best support the views of the above advertisement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4498, "premise": "We-media refers to the  way and instant transmission methods that an ordinary citizen or organization that can access the Internet at any time, any place, and in any way, connect with the global knowledge system through modern digital technology, and provide or share their true views and their own news.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, browsing news about Spring Festival travel on the forum does not involve We-media.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12991, "premise": "Until now, only injectable vaccines against influenza have been available. Parents are reluctant to subject children to the pain of injections, but adults, who are at risk of serious complications from influenza, are commonly vaccinated. A new influenza vaccine, administered painlessly in a nasal spray, is effective for children. However, since children seldom develop serious complications from influenza, no significant public health benefit would result from widespread vaccination of children using the nasal spray.", "hypothesis": "The new vaccine uses the same mechanism to ward off influenza as injectable vaccines do is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3608, "premise": "The researchers conducted an experiment on 40 college students. They asked these students to memorize the corresponding English words in Swahili. There were ten groups of ten pairs of words in each group. Each group was given a recall test. Each time they made a mistake, they would see one of two kinds of pictures. One is a picture that can produce negative emotions, such as a gun pointing at them. The other is an ordinary picture, such as a chair or a blank image. They were then given an additional one-minute experiment to erase the effect of short-term memory. Finally, the memory of the 100 pairs of words is tested. The test results showed that the students who got the best grades had seen negative pictures. As a result, researchers believe that negative emotions help improve memory.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'When looking at pictures with negative effects, the brain is still processing memory information' can explain this phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3831, "premise": "The land tragedy, also known as the public tragedy, only enjoying the departure from your own private gain, striving for more interests, and there is a cost of paying.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Both sides of the arms race are facing a dilemma - on the one hand, the military strength is increasing, on the other hand, the national security is being threatened more and more' is not a land tragedy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5154, "premise": "Scientists in a certain country recently stated that they have successfully used embryonic stem cells to artificially cultivate O type RH negative blood in the laboratory for the first time. Because O type RH negative blood is called universal blood type, it can match any other blood type, which makes humans will be no need to worry about blood source tension anymore.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Using embryonic stem cells to artificially cultivate O-negative blood is now more expensive' would weaken the above conclusion the most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10745, "premise": "A number of Grandville' s wealthiest citizens have been criminals. So, since it is of utmost importance that the Grandville Planning Committee be composed solely of individuals whose personal standards of ethics are beyond reproach, no wealthy person should be appointed to that committee.", "hypothesis": "The argument is most vulnerable to the criticism that it generalizes on the basis of what could be exceptional cases.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2402, "premise": "A, B, C, D and E travel on high-speed rail and they happen to be sitting in the same row of A.B.C.D.F seats. It is known that: (1) if one of A or B sits in seat C, C sits in seat B; (2) if E sits in seat C, D sits in seat F.", "hypothesis": "If D is sitting in seat B, it can be determined that C is sitting in seat C.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13348, "premise": "Antibiotics are standard ingredients in animal feed because they keep animals healthy and increase meat yields. However, scientists have recommended phasing out this practice, believing it may make antibiotics less effective in humans. If meat yields are reduced, however, some farmers will go out of business.", "hypothesis": "If antibiotic use in animal feed is phased out, some farmers will go out of business unless they use other means of increasing meat yields is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4122, "premise": "The revocable of a contract refers to the fact that the expression of intent is not true, and the contract that has been in effect is eliminated through the exercise of the right of cancellation by the person with the right to cancel. A contract with a reason for cancellation is called a cancelable contract. This type of contract is mostly a contract established due to a major misunderstanding. Contracts established due to fraud, contracts established due to duress, etc.", "hypothesis": "Contracts that are revocable include those in which one party donates their property to another party in order to evade enforcement by the court.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10434, "premise": "It is generally believed that people's aesthetic judgment is subjective, and this is true in a short period of time, and people's evaluation of contemporary works of art often diverges greatly. However, over time, the subjective element in aesthetics gradually disappears. When a work of art continues to provide pleasure and beauty over the centuries, as in Da Vinci paintings and Bach's music, we can fairly objectively call it a great work.", "hypothesis": "For the same work of art, people's evaluations of different eras are very different is best supported by the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6491, "premise": "As a large system, human society includes three systems: economy, politics and culture, in which the economic system provides material benefits for the society and optimizes the allocation of resources; the political system provides the legal system, order and justice for the society; the cultural system provides spiritual motivation and moral cohesion for the social production and dissemination of knowledge. The three are intertwined and indispensable.", "hypothesis": "The economic system can be influenced by the political system and the cultural system can be inferred from this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5225, "premise": "Global warming refers to a period of time, the Earths atmosphere and oceans because of the greenhouse effect caused by rising temperatures of climate change, as one of the tragedy of the Commons, and its effect is called the global warming effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The world has seen higher or lower crop yield, glaciers retreat, rivers flow less in the summer, species disappear and disease run rampant\" is not an effect of global warming according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14791, "premise": "In casual conversation, people experience little psychological discomfort in admitting that they have some particular character flaw, but only if they consider trivial the flaw to which they admit. Ttherefore, if in a casual conversation an individual readily admits that he or she has some particular character flaw, the individual must not consider that flaw to be serious.", "hypothesis": "Most character flaws are considered trivial by those who have them is an assumption necessary to the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2986, "premise": "Li Dong is good at debating and likes sophistry. Once he argued, Zheng Qiang knows the number 87654321, and Chen Mei's phone number happens to be 87654321, so Zheng Qiang knows Chen Mei's phone number.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Huang Bing believes that the morning star appears in the morning, and the morning star is actually the twilight star, so Huang Bing believes that the twilight star appears in the morning' is most similar to the mistake made in Li Dong's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2570, "premise": "In international competitions, even excellent athletes, there are not necessarily not to make mistakes, of course, not all excellent athletes are likely to make mistakes.", "hypothesis": "Some elite athletes may not make mistakes, while some excellent athletes may not make mistakes is closest to the above meaning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4165, "premise": "During the Spring Festival, the school security office plans to provide work-study opportunities for all students who do not return home during the festival. On the one hand, they want to relieve the pressure of understaffed security forces during the spring festival. On the other hand, they want to ease the economic pressure on these impoverished college students.", "hypothesis": "The security office funds has limited funds and the number of students who do not go home during the spring festival is higher cannot question this plan of the school security office.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9685, "premise": "For the community pension institutions located in the garden community, most people think that the elderly can not only play chess and chat together, enjoy their body and mind, but also exert their residual heat to help other residents. However, Lao Wang raised an objection, saying that community pension institutions bring noise pollution and affect the normal life of residents.", "hypothesis": "Before the establishment of community pension institutions, noise pollution is also a major problem reflected by residents in the community can best refute Lao Wang's opinion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4818, "premise": "Neuropathy refers to the organic and functional disorders of the nervous system (brain, spinal cord, central nerve and peripheral nerve) and its accessory structures (meninges, cerebrovascular, muscle, etc.).", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Neurasthenia is a neuropathic disease.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3981, "premise": "The three-paragraph theory is based on two straight words containing three different words entitled premise to launch a straight-talking conclusion and each two straight propositions have a common word reasoning.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a three-paragraph reasoning is an option that states that Mercury is a metal and metal is an electrically conductive object. So something that can conduct electricity is mercury.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4778, "premise": "All leaders who care about the personal development of employees have been proven to be well-managed leaders; while leaders who really care about the personal development of employees first focus on the career development of employees. Therefore, those who do not first focus on Leaders who care about the career development of employees are not well-managed leaders.", "hypothesis": "In order for the above argument to be true, all leaders who first focus on the career development of their employees must be well-managed leaders.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2044, "premise": "The blockbuster, marked by large investment, large production, high profile and high box office return, has been in the limelight in Chinese cinema in recent years. A City full of Gold, which began at the end of the year and began at the beginning of the year, became popular, grossing 350 million yuan at the box office, setting a new box office record in Chinese film history. Five films, including this one, accounted for more than five percent of the total box office receipts of 2.62 billion yuan of Chinese films in 2006. But most of the public opinion and the audience criticized and expressed dissatisfaction. In depth, many misunderstandings in material selection, production and market development are the most direct causes. From Hero, Wuji, ambush on all sides, Banquet to City full of Golden Armor, domestic blockbusters, including co-production with Hong Kong and Taiwan, almost exclusively choose the types of ancient costume and martial arts, conspiracy and love, showing a strong contrast between luxury in form and emptiness in content.", "hypothesis": "There is a serious disconnection between the form and content of domestic blockbusters is intended to be described in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12968, "premise": "This semester Professor Popkin will commute to Montreal by plane, leaving every Tuesday and returning to Toronto every Friday. She instructs her travel agent to schedule for her one round-trip that departs from Toronto on the first Tuesday and returns to Toronto on the last Friday of the semester and additional round-trips that depart from and return to Montreal for each weekly commute in between.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A ticket for a round-trip in which the departing flight and the returning flight are separated by several months will cost Professor Popkin more than a ticket for a round-trip in which they are separated by less than one week' most helps to explain Professor Popkin's instructions to her travel agent regarding the grouping of her flights into round-trips.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo news and a member of save the earth, he must not be Xiao Liu can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6138, "premise": "Psychological science education is a systematic project, which requires the cooperation of all aspects. A certain district has carried out various kinds of special psychological science education activities. Sub-districts and communities are the main positions of psychological science education, and all sub-districts also list this work as the focus of community education. The District Party Committee Organization Department, District Human Resources and Social Security Department, District Education Department, District Women's Federation and other related units carried out targeted psychological science education based on actual conditions, which played a positive role in stabilizing the workforce.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable text title for this paragraph is \"All units have carried out targeted psychological science education.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2369, "premise": "How are odor molecules converted into olfactory signals transmitted to the brain? American scientists Richard Axel and Linda Barker found that when the odor molecule binds to the olfactory receptor, the odor molecule, as a chemical signal, belongs to CTP, the binding protein (commonly known as C. The complex role of the olfactory receptor, which is converted into an electrical signal, begins a relay run along the olfactory nerve. These signals first enter the skull from the nasal cavity, and then are transmitted to some fine areas of the olfactory cortex, where they are translated into specific olfactory information, that is, perceived by people. This is the complete olfactory signal pathway theory that Axel and Barker described for us.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Olfactory signal pathway theory describes the process in which odor molecules are converted into olfactory signals and transmitted to the brain' has a wrong understanding of Axel and Buck's olfactory signaling pathway theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6580, "premise": "Ding Lei raises pigs, Liu Chuanzhi sells aquatic products and Liu Qiangdong grows rice. Nowadays, the IT industry elites are returning to the fields with armour one after another. While continuing to strengthen the information industry, they are investing heavily in agriculture. From the most cutting-edge electronic technology to the most traditional farming and farming, it seems to others that this is irrelevant, but in the face of Chinese agriculture, which is small in scale, low in organization and weak in science and technology. Behind the proud sons of the IT industry, watching the wheat field, they set their sights on its future development potential.", "hypothesis": "The main indication of this passage is that there are bright prospects for the development of agriculture in China.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8116, "premise": "Fair use refers to the non-commercial use of others' published works without the permission or payment of remuneration to the copyright owner under the circumstances expressly stipulated by law. Circumstances expressly prescribed by law mainly include :(1) using a published work of others for personal study, research or enjoyment; (2) Free performance of published works; (3) Copying, painting, photographing and video recording of artistic works set up or displayed in outdoor public places; (4) Translation of published works in Chinese into ethnic minority languages for publication and distribution.", "hypothesis": "According to the above provisions, Company C taking sculptures of public squares and making them into pictures for distribution is fair use.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4175, "premise": "Insomnia or poor sleep quality can seriously affect people's physical and mental health. The survey found that many people with poor sleep have a habit of drinking coffee before going to bed. Therefore, drinking coffee helps to improve the quality of sleep. Is the auxiliary means that treats insomnia.", "hypothesis": "Coffee as an auxiliary treatment for insomnia can have serious side effects is the strongest rebuttal to the conclusion of the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14660, "premise": "Police captain: The chief of police has indicated that gifts of cash or objects valued at more than $100 count as graft. However, I know with certainty that no officer in my precinct has ever taken such gifts, so the recent accusations of graft in my precinct are unfounded.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the police captain's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to consider that there may be other instances of graft besides those indicated by the chief of police.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10894, "premise": "Paleontologists have discovered fossils of centipedes that are 414 million years old. These fossils are at least 20 million years older than the earliest land-dwelling animals previously identified. The paleontologists are confident that these centipedes lived on land, even though the fossilized centipedes were discovered in rock that also contained fossilized remains of animals known to be water-dwelling.", "hypothesis": "The paleontologists' view would be LEAST supported by the truth of the statement that 'Fossils of the earliest land-dwelling animals that had previously been identified were found in rock that did not contain fossilized remains of water-dwelling animals.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4365, "premise": "Among the three of A, B, and C, only one can swim. A said: I can, B said: I can't, and C said: A can't.", "hypothesis": "The one who can swim cannot be judged based on the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7129, "premise": "Proximate cause is that the insurer shall bear the insurance liability for the loss caused by the insured accident within the coverage as the direct and closest cause, but shall not be liable for the loss caused by reasons outside the coverage. According to this principle, the liability does not depend on the proximity in time or space. However, it depends on whether the risk accident leading to the loss of the subject-matter insured is within the coverage. If there are multiple causes leading to the insurance loss, the most direct, effective and decisive cause and the inevitable cause of the accident are the proximate cause.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, falling is not a proximate cause of Zhang's death.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14750, "premise": "Cotton grass, which grows only in arctic regions, has been the only summertime source of protein available to caribou. Caribou that do not get adequate amounts of protein in the summer are unable to reproduce the following year. Rising average temperatures in arctic regions, however, are causing cotton grass to disappear. Ttherefore, if the warming trend continues, caribou are likely to become extinct.", "hypothesis": "Cotton grass is the only one of the caribou's food source that is becoming scarce as temperatures rise in arctic regions is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4662, "premise": "Fruit: it is a concept relative to the original thing. The original thing refers to the thing that produces a new thing according to natural attributes or legal provisions, and fruit is the thing produced by the original thing.", "hypothesis": "Fruits of a fruit tree is a fruit according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2446, "premise": "Some people have made such a reasoning: Lu Xun's works can not be read in one day, and Longxugou is Lu Xun's work, so Longxugou can not be read in one day.", "hypothesis": "This reasoning is wrong because it makes four conceptual mistakes is true for this reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4034, "premise": "The unilateral administrative behavior refers to the behavior of administrative subject to use administrative power in order to achieve administrative purposes.The administrative actions of both parties refer to the act of the administrative subject and the equality of the other party.", "hypothesis": "In order to build airports, the municipal government signed a public project contract contract with the construction enterprises is an administrative act of both parties according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1353, "premise": "At the macro scale, diamond is usually considered to show no deformation behavior at all. The consequences of any extreme attempt to deform it often occur brittle fracture before the visible deformation is reached. This limits its application in some applications that may be subjected to mechanical deformation. In order to carry out the nano-scale mechanical test, the research team designed a set of unique nano-mechanics experimental method, and carried out quantitative compression-bending tests on single crystal and polycrystalline diamond nano-needle samples. the test samples can achieve a large deformation more than tens of times higher than that of macroscopic diamond, and can be completely recovered in a very large range. The experimental results are simulated and analyzed. It is confirmed that the elastic deformation of the single crystal diamond nano-needle on the stretching side is about 9%, and the corresponding strength is also close to its theoretical limit. This discovery will help to further expand the application of diamond in biomedical fields such as drug delivery, biological detection and imaging.", "hypothesis": "The correct interpretation of this passage is that the experimental results show that it benefits from the unique experimental method of nanomechanics designed by the research group.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11865, "premise": "Theorist: To be capable of planned locomotion, an organism must be able both to form an internal representation of its environment and to send messages to its muscles to control movements. Such an organism must ttherefore have a central nervous system. Thus, an organism incapable of planned locomotion does not have a central nervous system.", "hypothesis": "The theorist's argument is flawed because it confuses a necessary condition for an organism's possessing a capacity with a sufficient one.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5719, "premise": "There is good news and bad news. no matter what topic you talk about, such an opening speech makes people feel a chill all over the body. Then, after this sentence, there is often such a question: do you want to hear good news or bad news first? A new study suggests that you may want to hear the bad news first.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The results of psychological evaluation showed that the students who heard the bad news first had less anxiety than the students who heard the good news first\" weakens the argument most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3635, "premise": "All the water lilies bloom at night, and this lotus blossoms during the day, so this lotus is not a water lily.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'All goats have beards, and this sheep doesn't have beards, so this sheep is not a goat' is very similar to the formal structure of the above reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2435, "premise": "There are three types of robots in a laboratory. Type A can recognize colors, type B can recognize shapes and type C can recognize neither colors nor shapes. The lab experimented with red balls, basketball, red squares and blue squares on robots 1 and 2, and ordered them to pick up the red ball, but No. 1 picked up the red square and No. 2 picked up the basketball.", "hypothesis": "According to the above experiments, No. 1 is Type A and No. 2 is Type B.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4185, "premise": "Administrative mediation refers to the activities under the auspices of the state administrative organs, based on the voluntary basis of the parties, on the basis of the laws and regulations and policies of the state, and on the principle of voluntary, through the persuasion and persuasion of the parties to the dispute, to urge the parties to forgive each other, negotiate on an equal footing, and reach an agreement, which is used to resolve the dispute and reach a settlement agreement.", "hypothesis": "The traffic police make a determination of liability for the vehicle collision and make an opinion is an administrative conciliation act.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11469, "premise": "Politician: The cohesion of a society depends on its members' accepting a set of basic principles. When these principles are routinely called into question, the society begins to erode. Any society, ttherefore, that allows schools to present the society' s set of basic principles as simply one of several alternatives, with the suggestion that students may choose which to accept on the basis of the principles' worth, is inviting its own demise.", "hypothesis": "One cannot evaluate a set of political principles without having first established criteria of evaluation would, if true, most strengthen the politician's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3661, "premise": "The government should prohibit liquor companies from deducting advertising expenses from their operating income. In this way, liquor enterprises will pay more taxes, and they will have to raise the price of liquor, which in turn can restrain liquor consumption and reduce the incidence of various diseases caused by excessive drinking.", "hypothesis": "The increased tax of liquor companies can be passed on to consumers by raising prices is most likely to be the hypothetical premise of the above discussion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12491, "premise": "All parrots can learn to speak a few words and phrases. Not all parrots have equally pleasant dispositions, though some of those native to Australia can be counted on for a sweet temper. Almost any parrot, however, will show tremendous affection for an owner who raised the bird from a chick by hand-feeding it.", "hypothesis": "If the statements above are true, then some parrots that can learn to speak must be sweet tempered.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 999, "premise": "Scientists believe that dreams are the result of a combination of centers in the brain responsible for various bodily functions. Some brain cells are active during sleep, which is the basis of dreams. Recent research has confirmed that dreaming not only does not affect people's sleep and health, but also is one of the physiological activities necessary to protect brain health.", "hypothesis": "In the experiment, researchers blocked the dreaming brain waves of sleepers as soon as they appeared, and found a marked increase in blood pressure and body temperature best supports the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9629, "premise": "Benign conflict refers to the management strategy that managers try to turn minor conflicts within the enterprise into cohesion and promote the development of the enterprise.", "hypothesis": "The benign conflict is when Manager Jiang of the marketing department heard that the salesman reflected the quality of the product, he gave feedback to the quality inspection department and had a contradiction with the manager of the production department. The company organized three departments to meet for many times to coordinate, and finally established a good communication mechanism.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14064, "premise": "High schools should only teach abstinence. Students who practice abstinence will never experience an unplanned pregnancy or contract a sexually-transmitted disease.", "hypothesis": "Religious organizations support the teaching of abstinence does not weaken the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13320, "premise": "Installing scrubbers in smokestacks and switching to cleaner-burning fuel are the two methods available to Northern Power for reducing harmful emissions from its plants. Scrubbers will reduce harmful emissions more than cleaner-burning fuels will. Ttherefore, by installing scrubbers, Northern Power will be doing the most that can be done to reduce harmful emissions from its plants.", "hypothesis": "Harmful emissions from Northern Power's plants cannot be reduced more by using both methods together than by the installation of scrubbers alone is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8012, "premise": "China's deserts do provide the world's scientists with laboratories that are most similar to the Martian environment. Scientists have been to the coldest Antarctica and the driest Atacama Desert on Earth, but what they really need is an extreme environment that combines the two.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Chinese deserts have the most extreme environment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11055, "premise": "Geoffrey never attends a movie without watching the trailer and generally tries to read the reviews prior to the show. At the theater, Geoffrey sometimes buys popcorn and always buys a bottle of water. Geoffrey recently saw the eighth installment of the Boy Wizard Chronicles.", "hypothesis": "Geoff Geoffrey watched the Boy Wizard Chronicles' trailer and drank a bottle of water during the show must be true based on these true statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15039, "premise": "How the pigment known as Han purple was synthesized by the ancient Chinese of the Qin and Han dynasties has puzzled scientists. The Chinese chemists employed the same chemical ingredients used for Han purple in the production of a common type of white glass during that period. Both were produced in processes that involved subjecting the mixtures to high heat and mixing in lead to decrease the melting temperature. Thus, Han purple was probably discovered by fortuitous accident during glass production.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The white glass is found in more surviving artifacts from the Qin and Han dynasties than Han purple is' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10814, "premise": "Announcement for a television program: Are female physicians more sensitive than male physicians to the needs of women patients? To get the answer, we' ll ask physicians of both sexes this question. Tune in tomorrow.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Physicians are in general unwilling to describe the treatment style of other physicians' identifies a flaw in the plan for the program.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3517, "premise": "The main purpose of school PE classes is to make students healthy. Physical education classes should focus on aerobic exercise, which improves participants' health more than team sports, which only a small percentage of students actually participate in.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most of the school physical education is devoted to team sports' will most effectively oppose the author's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5041, "premise": "Nationalism  over resources refers to the realization of political service and national specific development through controlling and dominating resources and market intervention based on the legal jurisdiction of the state over natural resources.", "hypothesis": "A government organizes technology enterprises to produce high-quality steel and rely on exports for profits belongs to nationalism over resources according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1475, "premise": "Along with the deepening of reform and opening up, prices quickly highly marketable commodity and labor force, land price according to the auction market, even the price of the stock also highly marketable, but only the most broad laborer's main the savings deposit interest income from property market, the monopoly system of interest by artificially low public property income, which provides a cheap for the enterprise Capital, which also provides banks with juicy interest rates and low-risk customers, is the basis of institutional arrangements that allow savers to become victims of financial stability.", "hypothesis": "The meaning of the text is that the monopolistic interest system artificially suppresses the public's property income.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12835, "premise": "A product that represents a clear technological advance over competing products can generally command a high price. Surprisingly, perhaps, <b> the strategy to maximize overall profit from a new product is to charge less than the greatest price the market will bear </b>. Many companies charge the maximum possible price for such a product, because they want to make as much profit as they can and technological advances tend to be quickly surpassed. The drawback is that <b> large profits on the new product give competitors a strong incentive to quickly match the new product' s capabilities </b>.", "hypothesis": "The first boldface portion in the argument above is the position the argument advocates, and the second presents grounds for rejecting an alternative position.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14818, "premise": "Anderson: Taking the long view, history shows that word usage and grammar rules are constantly changing and evolving-sometimes resulting in entirely new languages. Since they will change regardless of our efforts, we shouldn' t worry about violations of grammar rules. Lipton: That' s like arguing that we shouldn' t worry about enforcing laws since, in the larger scheme of things, laws change and nations come and go. But of course it is good that laws are enforced.", "hypothesis": "The dialogue provides the most support for the claim that Anderson and Lipton disagree over whether people only rarely violate grammar rules.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6747, "premise": "It can be difficult to see nuclear energy as a sustainable resource. Unlike other alternative resources, nuclear energy has long been hated by environmentalists, mainly because of the storage of radioactive waste. However, nuclear reactors are also efficient sources of electricity, do not emit any polluting gases, and, for some types of reactors, are designed to minimize waste and basically prevent reactor meltdowns.", "hypothesis": "Nuclear reactors are efficient sources of electricity, and the designs of some reactors have been improved is not understood correctly about this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10697, "premise": "A fourteen-year study of finches on the Galapagos islands concluded that there is a definite relationship between climate and the population size of finch species that thrive at various times. During droughts, more members of large finch species survive because their bills are large enough to crack large, hard seeds, giving them a food supply unavailable to smaller birds. In rainy years, fewer members of the large finch species survive because the additional moisture fosters the growth of plants that produce small seeds. The larger finch varieties have to consume enormous numbers of small seeds to meet their energy demands, and some just cannot eat them fast enough.", "hypothesis": "A lengthy period of rainy weather results in fewer large, hard seeds being produced must be assumed in order to justify the conclusion that climatic variations cause a major difference in survival rates of small and large finches.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4961, "premise": "The beating of the heart causes blood circulation. For the same person, the faster the heart rate, the more blood enters the circulation per unit time. The red blood cells in the blood transport oxygen,Generally speaking, the oxygen obtained by a person through blood circulation per unit time The more, the better his physical fitness and performance. Therefore, in order to improve athletes' competitive level in sports competitions, they should strengthen their training in high altitude areas, because in high altitude areas, each unit volume of blood in the human body contains the number of red blood cells is higher than in low altitude areas.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that training at high altitude can increase the athlete's heart rate must be made in order to evaluate the argument of the subject.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13887, "premise": "Politician: The level of violence in the United States is higher than that in every other industrialized country. Some people attribute this entirely to a lenient judicial system, but this cannot be right, for the judicial systems in many other industrialized countries are just as lenient.", "hypothesis": "The politician's argument attempts to undermine the explanation by presenting evidence that contradicts an assumption that the explanation relies on.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5817, "premise": "Natural unemployment is unemployment caused by some insurmountable reasons in the economy. It is unemployment that is inevitable in any economy, and it is also normal unemployment.", "hypothesis": "A certain company has undergone restructuring according to the requirements of the city, resulting in the laying off of some female employees with low education level and over 45 years of age, is not natural unemployment according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3935, "premise": "The big question is how do plants react like this? Humans and other higher animals integrate and respond to signals from their environment through the nervous system and brain. But plants have no nervous system and no brain, so they must do it by other means. The most likely explanation is that their responses are coordinated by a feedback system of hormones and electrical signals.", "hypothesis": "The most likely question to be expressed by the author is the study of how plants respond to external stimuli through the coordination of certain hormones and electrical signals.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 182, "premise": "If colleges and universities can hire a large number of graduates who have obtained doctoral degrees from top overseas universities, it will undoubtedly helpful to improve the quality of teaching and scientific research. Therefore, hiring graduates who have obtained doctoral degrees from domestic universities will not help improve the quality of teaching and scientific research.", "hypothesis": "Graduates, hired by colleges and universities, who have obtained doctoral degrees from top overseas universities are usually jointly cultivated by domestic universities and overseas universities, and they also have doctoral degrees issued by domestic universities will challenge the most to the above view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2360, "premise": "At different times, about 7000 kinds of plants and hundreds of animals are used as food by human beings. The loss of species will reduce food diversity and make human beings rely on only a few major foods, thus breaking people's balanced diet. In addition, with the loss of species in the forest, the loss of species in the field may lead to an increase in the number of pathogens that are responsible for diseases in organisms. Some of the animals, plants and microbes that are most likely to become extinct are actually buffers for the spread of infectious diseases, which are responsible for many diseases on behalf of humans before they are infected.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The relationship between species diversity and disease infection is subtle' is inconsistent with the original text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10975, "premise": "Between 1971 and 1975, the government office that monitors drug companies issued an average of 60 citations a year for serious violations of drug-promotion laws. Between 1976 and 1980, the annual average for issuance of suchs citations was only 5. This decrease indicates that the government office was, on average, considerably more lax in enforcing drug-promotion laws between 1976 and 1980 than it was between 1971 and 1975.", "hypothesis": "The argument assumes that a change in enforcement of drug-promotion laws did not apply to minor violations.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4653, "premise": "In order to prevent forest fires, forest experts in the United States have come up with a good method of fire prevention by fire: forest managers are required to regularly select the weather with low wind speed, low temperature and high temperature, and artificially burn the small trees, shrubs, dry branches and dead leaves under the trees, so as to prevent natural fires and help put out forest fires.", "hypothesis": "The forest disaster prevention measures of fire prevention are enlightening, and forest managers can adopt them in seasonal forest disaster prevention cannot be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10324, "premise": "On July 14, 2015, after difficult negotiations in the euro zone, the Greek debt crisis was temporarily quieted down. If the Greek debt crisis is not resolved, it will have a negative impact on the economy of the euro zone. But Greece can only return to the path of economic development through extensive reforms. Greece can either reduce welfare or achieve substantial economic growth, otherwise, the debt crisis will be difficult to solve.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, then if Greece is to solve its debt crisis, but cannot achieve substantial economic growth, it must reduce welfare.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12554, "premise": "Executives at the Fizzles Beverage Company plan to boost profits in Country X on their range of fruit-flavored drinks by introducing new flavors based on tropical fruits that are little known there. The executives reason that since the fruit drinks of other companies have none of these flavors, Fizzles will not have to compete for customers and thus will be able to sell the drinks at a higher price.", "hypothesis": "To build widespread demand for the new flavors, Fizzles would have to launch an advertising campaign to familiarize consumers with them presents the most serious potential weakness of the plan.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 593, "premise": "Negative transfer means that the mastery of one knowledge and skill interferes with or inhibits the control of another knowledge and skill, that is, the mastered knowledge and experience makes new learning difficult. Negative transfer may occur when the old and new stimuli are very similar and require learners to make different responses", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, learning Chinese Pinyin will interfere with learning English phonetics belongs to negative migration.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14388, "premise": "At one time, many astronomers assumed that Earth remains motionless while the stars revolve around it. They concluded from this that the stars were not more than a few million miles from Earth. They reasoned that if the stars were farther away, they would have to move at tremendously great speeds in order to circle Earth during the day and reappear in roughly the same positions each night.", "hypothesis": "An assumption required by the reasoning described above is that stars do not move at tremendously great speeds.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10004, "premise": "Clinical trials have shown that for people who occasionally eat a certain amount of beef jerky, the additives of most brands of beef jerky do not cause arteriosclerosis, so people can safely eat beef jerky without worrying about the health effects.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People who like to eat beef jerky also like to use other foods that are harmful to arterial health' will most weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7964, "premise": "The World Heritage Convention stipulates that the country where the world heritage is located must ensure the authenticity and integrity of the heritage. The first level of the world heritage function is scientific research, the second level is the education function, and the last is the tourism function. At present, many places are gradually Corrected, but there are still many unsatisfactory places.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There are still many violations of the World Heritage Convention' cannot be inferred from the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5725, "premise": "Object teaching refers to a teaching method that uses teaching aids as sensory transmitters to show students relevant content in order to improve learning efficiency or effect. Object teaching includes material object, demonstration and analogue image. Material object is through direct perception of actual things;  demonstration is directly perceived through the simulated image of practice; analogue image is carried out through the perception of the material form of language (phonetic, glyph) and the understanding of semantics under the action of visualized language.", "hypothesis": "Invite students to read the whole novel and write after-reading thoughts after class does not belong to the above three types of object teaching according to the definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4252, "premise": "The crime of producing and selling toxic and harmful food refers to the act of mixing toxic or harmful non-food raw materials into the food produced or sold, or selling food that is known to be mixed with toxic or harmful non-food raw materials.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the processing plant of a meat shop used dead pork as raw material to produce ham, causing a large number of consumers to be poisoned constitutes the crime of producing and selling toxic or harmful food.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3545, "premise": "Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structure level imitates the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain. Among them, the structure level imitates the brain refers to the analysis of the brain as a material and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (Various types of neurons and nerve synapses, etc.) each The function and connection relationship network structure; device-level approach to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and nerve synapses, so as to construct a human brain-scale neural network system under limited physical space and power consumption;the intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information stimulation, training and learning of the brain-like computer to make it produce intelligence similar to the human brain.", "hypothesis": "Adjusting the synaptic connection relationship and connection frequency and strength of the neural network belongs to the intelligence level surpassing the brain, according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4448, "premise": "Secondary pollution refers to the re pollution of the environment caused by the physical, chemical or biological effects of pollutants discharged into the environment from pollution sources.", "hypothesis": "Inhaling second-hand smoke in public places belongs to secondary pollution.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 431, "premise": "Reverse service is the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, an automobile 4S store providing customers with used car valuation and transfer services is not a reverse service.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7279, "premise": "If Japan becomes a permanent member, Germany, India and Brazil will also become permanent members.", "hypothesis": "If Germany, India and Brazil become permanent members, then Japan also becomes a permanent member can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12046, "premise": "Perception cannot be a relationship between a conscious being and a material object that causes that being to have beliefs about that object. For there are many imperceptible material objects about which we have beliefs.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Art cannot be an artifact created by someone with the express purpose of causing an aesthetic reaction in its audience. For we often have aesthetic reactions to artifacts that are not art\" is most closely parallel in its flawed reasoning to the flawed reasoning in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3579, "premise": "The problem of population growth is a problem faced by countries in the world, especially developed countries. Developed countries generally face low fertility rates, slow population growth or even negative growth, which directly affects economic development and ethnic heritage. my country is implementing a family planning policy 30 Years later, we are also facing similar problems, so my country gradually liberalizes the second-child policy. However, the actual effect is not satisfactory. Some experts pointed out that the unsatisfactory effect of the second-child policy is mainly due to too much social pressure.", "hypothesis": "The pollution of the social environment affects the fertility of many young couples is true and best supports the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11113, "premise": "According to promotional material published by the city of Springfield, more tourists stay in hotels in Springfield than stay in the neighboring city of Harristown. A brochure from the largest hotel in Harristown claims that more tourists stay in that hotel than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel in Springfield. If both of these sources are accurate, however, the Report on Tourism for the region must be in error in stating that __.", "hypothesis": "The royal arms hotel is the only hotel in Springfield most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10937, "premise": "<b> Environmental organizations want to preserve the land surrounding the Wilgrinn Wilderness Area from residential development. </b> They plan to do this by purchasing that land from the farmers who own it. That plan is ill-conceived: if the farmers did sell their land, they would sell it to the highest bidder, and developers would outbid any other bidders. On the other hand, <b> these farmers will never actually sell any of the land, provided that farming it remains viable </b>. But farming will not remain viable if the farms are left unmodernized, and most of the farmers lack the financial resources modernization requires. And that is exactly why a more sensible preservation strategy would be to assist the farmers to modernize their farms to the extent needed to maintain viability.", "hypothesis": "In the argument as a whole, the first boldface proportion presents a goal, strategies for achieving which are being evaluated in the argument; the second is a judgment providing a basis for the argument's advocacy of a particular strategy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8491, "premise": "A national restaurant chain has launched a new pastry in some northern cities, with excellent sales and reputation, so the company's management believes that if it is launched in the south, it will also be loved by customers.", "hypothesis": "The option 'It ignores the fact that many southern cities have their own special pastries' best points out the shortcomings of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2972, "premise": "All the athletes participating in the sports meeting are strong athletes, and all the strong athletes seldom get sick, but there are some athletes who are not well enough to take part in the sports meeting.", "hypothesis": "Very few sick contestants took part in the sports meeting cannot be derived from the above premise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11636, "premise": "During its caterpillar stage, the leopard magpie moth feeds on a plant called the Natal grass cycad and by so doing laces its body with macrozamin, a toxin that makes the moth highly unpalatable to would-be predators. Since the Natal grass cycad is now endangered and facing extinction, the leopard magpie moth is also in danger of extinction.", "hypothesis": "None of the potential predators of the leopard magpie moth have developed a tolerance to macrozamin is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5332, "premise": "Harmony is the unity of diversity and the organic combination of opposing elements, whether it is seen from its etymological meaning or from its philosophical ontology.", "hypothesis": "The expression 'The five flavors can form a refreshing delicacy without harmony' does not belong to the expression of the meaning of harmony in philosophy according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4289, "premise": "Circular economy is an ecological economy. It requires the use of ecological laws instead of mechanistic laws to guide the economic activities of human society. It is an economic form of low mining, low emissions and high utilization.", "hypothesis": "Return farmland to lake, return farmland to forest is not a circular economy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10658, "premise": "A study comparing infant care revealed that the amount of stimulation babies receive affects their sleep. At six months of age, the babies in the study with a less stimulating daytime routine slept an average of two hours more per day than those with a more stimulating routine. Since sleep plays a very important role in a child' s development, parents would be wise to reduce the amount of stimulation their babies receive.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The stimulation that babies receive helps them to develop intellectually\" most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11999, "premise": "Lawyer: In a risky surgical procedure that is performed only with the patient' s informed consent, doctors intentionally cause the patient' s heart and brain functions to stop by drastically reducing the patient' s body temperature. When the procedure is completed, body temperature is quickly restored. Because the doctors deliberately stop the patient' s life functions, if these functions do not resume following the procedure, the medical team is technically guilty of manslaughter.", "hypothesis": "The principle \"If a medical procedure is known to carry a very high risk of causing the patient's death, then only if the patient does die can the doctors be guilty of manslaughter\" most helps to justify the lawyer's analysis.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10697, "premise": "A fourteen-year study of finches on the Galapagos islands concluded that there is a definite relationship between climate and the population size of finch species that thrive at various times. During droughts, more members of large finch species survive because their bills are large enough to crack large, hard seeds, giving them a food supply unavailable to smaller birds. In rainy years, fewer members of the large finch species survive because the additional moisture fosters the growth of plants that produce small seeds. The larger finch varieties have to consume enormous numbers of small seeds to meet their energy demands, and some just cannot eat them fast enough.", "hypothesis": "The Galapagos climate during this fourteen- year period had about as much dry weather as it had wet weather must be assumed in order to justify the conclusion that climatic variations cause a major difference in survival rates of small and large finches.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4574, "premise": "It is generally accepted that symphony is elegant music. Understanding Symphony writers helps to understand symphony. But if you can't really resonate with it, you will feel boring. If you go on like this, of course, you won't know a writer deeply.", "hypothesis": "The deeper the feeling, the more natural love can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13328, "premise": "The number of hospital emergency room visits by heroin users grew by more than 25 percent during the 1980s. Clearly, then, the use of heroin rose in that decade.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Heroin use increased much more than is reflected in the rate of heroin-linked hospital emergency room visits\" would account for the statistic without supporting the author's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11378, "premise": "Proposal: Carbon dioxide and methane in the atmosphere block the escape of heat into space. So emission of these greenhouse gases contributes to global warming. In order to reduce global warming, emission of greenhouse gases needs to be reduced. Ttherefore, the methane now emitted from open landfills should instead be burned to produce electricity. Objection: The burning of methane generates carbon dioxide that is released into the atmosphere.", "hypothesis": "Methane in the atmosphere is more effective in blocking the escape of heat from the Earth than is carbon dioxide most adequately counters the objection made to the proposal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2655, "premise": "In recent years, more and more robots are used to carry out reconnaissance, transportation, bomb disposal and other tasks on the battlefield, and even in the future,people will no longer participate in wars, but robots of all kinds.Human war is undergoing the most profound revolution since the birth of nuclear weapons. According to this analysis, some experts pointed out that the emergence of robot warfare technology can keep human beings away from danger and achieve war goals more safely and efficiently.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because of the gap in military scientific and technological strength between different countries, robot warfare technology will only keep some countries away from danger' would most question the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10494, "premise": "In our country, traffic compulsory insurance is the kind of insurance that insurance companies choose independently. Since its launch in 2006, only a small profit has been made in 2008, and losses have been recorded in other years, and the losses have increased year by year. In 2011, the actual operating loss of the national traffic insurance reached 9.2 billion yuan. Oddly enough, the current compulsory traffic insurance under huge losses is still the business that insurance companies compete for.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Tractors enjoy the preferential agricultural policy, and many places register transport vehicles as tractors, thus enjoying low tax rates' best explains the strange phenomenon of insurance companies competing for compulsory insurance business.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14162, "premise": "The Eurasian ruffe, a fish species inadvertently introduced into North America' s Great Lakes in recent years, feeds on the eggs of lake whitefish, a native species, thus threatening the lakes' natural ecosystem. To help track the ruffe' s spread, government agencies have produced wallet-sized cards about the ruffe. The cards contain pictures of the ruffe and explain the danger they pose; the cards also request anglers to report any ruffe they catch.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The bait that most people use when fishing for whitefish on the Great Lakes is not attractive to ruffe' would provide most support for the prediction that the agencies' action will have its intended effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3927, "premise": "There are nine cards, one to nine. A, B, C, D four people take cards, each take 2. It is known that the sum of the two cards taken by A is 10; the difference between the two cards taken by B is 1; the product of the two cards taken by C is 24; and the quotient of the two cards taken by D is 3.", "hypothesis": "The left card is Seven.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14792, "premise": "Ethicist: An action is wrong if it violates a rule of the society in which the action is performed and that rule promotes the general welfare of people in the society. An action is right if it is required by a rule of the society in which the action is performed and the rule promotes the general welfare of the people in that society.", "hypothesis": "Dahlia's action of having a cup of coffee before getting dressed in the morning is right because it does not violate any rule of the society in which she lives, which is in accordance with the principle cited by the ethicist.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7143, "premise": "Computer programmers who work on the computer screen for a long time are prone to myopia. In order to help these people prevent and alleviate myopia, the company has printed and distributed brochures for employees to teach them some methods to prevent and treat myopia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The prevention and treatment of myopia need the guidance of ophthalmologists' can most question the effectiveness of the above publicity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11034, "premise": "Dogs learn best when they are trained using both voice commands and hand signals. After all, a recent study shows that dogs who were trained using both voice commands and hand signals were twice as likely to obey as were dogs who were trained using only voice commands.", "hypothesis": "The claim that dogs learn best when they are trained using both voice commands and hand signals is a statement that the argument claims is supported by the study.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4000, "premise": "The number of brick-and-mortar retail stores in a city increased from 3,800 in 2013 to 4,500 in 2017. But over the years, the city's brick-and-mortar retail sales have not increased, but have declined.", "hypothesis": "Over the past few years, the retail sales as a whole have increased significantly is the least likely to explain the above phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 182, "premise": "If colleges and universities can hire a large number of graduates who have obtained doctoral degrees from top overseas universities, it will undoubtedly helpful to improve the quality of teaching and scientific research. Therefore, hiring graduates who have obtained doctoral degrees from domestic universities will not help improve the quality of teaching and scientific research.", "hypothesis": "Graduates who have obtained a doctoral degree from a top overseas university are more willing to stay overseas for employment, and tend to work in foreign companies even after returning to China will challenge the most to the above view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6188, "premise": "It is reported that the earth's glaciers are melting rapidly. However, some scientists believe that in ancient times, the earth fell into a deep-freezing state called Snowball Earth, when the ice sheet almost completely covered the whole earth. However, the number of times the earth appeared deep freezing, the extension range and the speed at which the earth turned into a snowball have always been unsolved mysteries. Scientists analyzed the newly discovered rock sequence in Ethiopia, and the results showed that the Snowball Earth could be formed in only a few thousand years. This discovery supports the snowball glacier theoretical model, which shows that once the ice extends to the earth's latitude of 30 degrees, there will be rapid glaciation in the whole world.", "hypothesis": "The specific age of the emergence of Snowball Earth can be obtained from the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5289, "premise": "The necessary condition is a judgment relationship. That means, if there is no antecedent (condition), there will be no subsequent (result); and if there is antecedent (condition), there may be no subsequent (result). It is a condition opposite to sufficient conditions and sufficient and necessary conditions.", "hypothesis": "Master market information, and products can be marketable is not a necessary condition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7547, "premise": "Most Chinese people grew up in criticism and reprimand. Parents, teachers, elders, leaders... See what you are not pleasing to the eye, they can give advice. Some words are not pleasant to hear, but the listener listened to most believe, feel grateful,because everyone thinks that honest advice sounds unpleasant, but it is helpful to correct shortcomings and mistakes. However, honest advice is not necessarily faithful. There is a kind of phone scam that appears in a very vicious way. On the phone They just want to criticize you, threaten you, and scare you.Once you are afraid in your heart, you will listen to them; and if you listen to them, you will be fooled.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, if you are not afraid to hear the call of honest advice, you will not be fooled can be introduced.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2473, "premise": "There were guests absent from Mr. Wang's birthday dinner. Mr. Wang said, at most two of Xiao Li, Lao Zhao, Xiao Pan and Lao Ma. Mrs. Wang said, honey, I think you're wrong. I think what you said is different from the actual situation.", "hypothesis": "If Mrs. Wang is wrong, Xiao Li, Lao Zhao, Xiao Pan and Lao Ma all came is not true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8556, "premise": "Huishan fine clay figurines, mainly refers to the the hand-pinched drama, more away from the appearance of playing tricks, and become a pure decoration. The fine clay are heavy by hand, and there are about 15 processes, such as mud beating, mud kneading, foot kneading, body kneading, head loading, phase opening, luan loading and so on. Shaping very fine fingers without cracking and breaking depends on the excellent strength and hardness of the black clay in Huishan area. The hand-pinched drama mainly shows the drama scenes of Beijing and Kunming and some images of Buddhism and Taoism, mostly in groups of two or three people. The works offered by Wang Chunlin and Zhou Asheng mentioned above should fall into this category. Due to the accurate proportion of the characters, the typical movements of the characters are grasped when the most wonderful part of the play is grasped, and the painting is vivid and looks forward to life, just like the theatre.", "hypothesis": "The content of the Huishan fine clay figurines mentioned above is the relationship of inheritance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 321, "premise": "The factory has conducted an investigation on the academic qualifications of skilled workers and found that the educational level of skilled workers who have newly entered the factory has been greatly improved in the past five years. Therefore, the overall quality of technical workers in the factory has been greatly improved.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, products produced by highly qualified skilled workers are less unqualified cannot support the conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10739, "premise": "Historian: Megapolis was once administered wisely, with vision and with universal public support. That' s how it became a great city. City council member: Not so. Megapolis' past glory was achieved not because of greater vision, but because power was concentrated in the hands of autocrats and hence more easily exercised.", "hypothesis": "The best explanation for Megapolis' past glory is what is at issue in the dispute between the historian and the city council member.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2972, "premise": "All the athletes participating in the sports meeting are strong athletes, and all the strong athletes seldom get sick, but there are some athletes who are not well enough to take part in the sports meeting.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Some strong athletes feel unwell\" cannot be derived from the above premise.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1657, "premise": "Psychological contract refers to the implicit unspecified responsibilities and expectations of each other between the individual and the organization.", "hypothesis": "In order to attract outstanding talents, we promise to provide employees with interest-free loans for the purchase of houses is a measure to establish a psychological contract.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1285, "premise": "In the The Book of Odes, the earliest literary work in China, there are many chapters about nostalgia (such as Cai Wei), especially the theme of nostalgia in Tang and Song poems. Early modern Chinese writers in the 20th century, such as Lu Xun, Shen Congwen, Fei Ming, Xiao Hong and so on, have many works about rural memories, which are full of their deep concern for the modern plight of the countryside. Homesickness is, of course, a theme in the world literary tradition. Homer's epic Odyssey shows Odysseus drifting at sea for 10 years and finally returning to his native Ithaca to be reunited with his family. With the rise of German romantic literature, nostalgia is its important theme and has modern significance.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that writers at home and abroad regard homesickness as an important theme in a long tradition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6962, "premise": "Generally speaking, the more scientific and technological achievements that can directly produce economic benefits, the more incentives should be provided by the beneficiary economic organizations; the more they can produce huge social benefits and long-term, public-spirited scientific and technological achievements, the more incentives should be provided by the government. This principle is in line with the actual situation of many countries in the world.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that many countries in the world attach great importance to the encouragement and support for scientific research.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12674, "premise": "Statistician: A financial magazine claimed that its survey of its subscribers showed that North Americans are more concerned about their personal finances than about politics. One question was: Which do you think about more: politics or the joy of earning money?  This question is clearly biased. Also, the readers of the magazine are a self-selecting sample. Thus, there is reason to be skeptical about the conclusion drawn in the magazine' s survey.", "hypothesis": "Other surveys suggest that North Americans are concerned not only with politics and finances, but also with social issues would NOT strengthen the statistician's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13569, "premise": "Science teacher: In any nation, a flourishing national scientific community is essential to a successful economy. For such a community to flourish requires that many young people become excited enough about science that they resolve to become professional scientists. Good communication between scientists and the public is necessary to spark that excitement.", "hypothesis": "The science teacher's statements provide the most support for the idea that no nation can have a successful economy unless at some point scientists have communicated well with the public.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7506, "premise": "Zhang San and Li Si learned that a total of teams A, B, C and D won medals in 15 events (expressed in ordinal numbers respectively). Among them, team A won medals in item 1, 4, and 12. Team B won medals in  item 2 , 4,7,8 and 11. Team C won medals in item 4, 5, 6,12,13. Team D won medals in  item 1 and  item 5. Wang Wu singled out one of the 15 events in which the four teams won the prize and told Li Si separately, while he told Zhang San the name of the team that won the medal in the event. Wang Wu finished talking to them respectively. Li Si said, I don't know which team won the medal in this event. When Zhang San heard this, he said, I know about that project. Li Si immediately said, I know that team, too.", "hypothesis": "Based on the information provided, Wang Wu can select Team D and item 5.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5506, "premise": "National S of country A opened a candy store.One day, S decided to increase the unit prices of nougat and milk sugar by 2.9 yuan and 1.8 yuan respectively; On the same day, an f-222 fighter of the air force of country B crashed. A month later, S doubled the unit price of milk sugar; At 14:00 on the same day, a passenger plane from country C was killed shortly after taking off.Two months later, S issued a statement on the price of candy, saying that the price had not been adjusted in place, and increased the unit price of nougat by 1.2 yuan; On the same day, a passenger plane of an airline in country D crashed near the northwest of the country. It can be seen that S used candy prices as a weapon to attack foreign spacecraft", "hypothesis": "S planted a bomb in the candy sold to overseas pilots and exploded immediately after it was bitten can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9743, "premise": "A national restaurant chain has launched a new pastry in some northern cities, with excellent sales and reputation, so the company's management believes that if it is launched in the south, it will also be loved by customers.", "hypothesis": "It ignores the fact that many southern cities have their own special pastries is the option that best points out the shortcomings of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8606, "premise": "Personal company refers to a company based on the personal credit of its shareholders; joint-investment company refers to a company whose assets are formed by the respective capital contributions of the company's shareholders as the basis for its credit; a joint-personal joint venture is a company with both of the above properties,credit basis.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a company whose assets are mortgaged with all the personal property of the shareholders is a Personal company.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12308, "premise": "Ecologist: Without the intervention of conservationists, squirrel monkeys will become extinct. But they will survive if large tracts of second-growth forest habitat are preserved for them. Squirrel monkeys flourish in second-growth forest because of the plentiful supply of their favorite insects and fruit.", "hypothesis": "Without the intervention of conservationists, large tracts of second-growth forest habitat will not be preserved for squirrel monkeys can be properly inferred from the ecologist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14831, "premise": "Recent research indicates that increased consumption of fruits and vegetables by middle-aged people reduces their susceptibility to stroke in later years. The researchers speculate that this may be because fruits and vegetables are rich in folic acid. Low levels of folic acid are associated with high levels of homocysteine, an amino acid that contributes to blocked arteries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A decreased risk of stroke is correlated with increased levels of folic acid' is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12886, "premise": "Copyright was originally the grant of a temporary government-supported monopoly on copying a work. Its sole purpose was to encourage the circulation of ideas by giving authors the opportunity to derive a reasonable financial reward from their works. However, copyright sometimes goes beyond its original purpose since sometimes __.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the argument is most strongly supported if copyrights hold for many years after an author's death.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11436, "premise": "The OLEX Petroleum Company has recently determined that it could cut its refining costs by closing its Grenville refinery and consolidating all refining at its Tasberg refinery. Closing the Grenville refinery, however, would mean the immediate loss of about 1, 200 jobs in the Grenville area. Eventually the lives of more than 10, 000 people would be seriously disrupted. Ttherefore, OLEX' s decision, announced yesterday, to keep Grenville open shows that at OLEX social concerns sometimes outweigh the desire for higher profits.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The Tasberg refinery is more favorably situated than the Grenville refinery with respect to the major supply routes for raw petroleum' most seriously undermines the argument given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3212, "premise": "After investigating the sports activities that students in a class like, it is found that students in this class either like playing basketball or badminton. If you like playing volleyball, you don't like playing badminton. The monitor of the class likes playing volleyball, so he also likes playing table tennis.", "hypothesis": "The most likely assumption of the above argument is that students who like playing basketball also like playing table tennis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2096, "premise": "In recent years, the rapid development of science and technology has not only provided inspiration for science fiction creation, but also provided rich materials for science fiction creation. The theme of science fiction revolves around the fantasy of science and technology, revealing the social problems brought by the development of science and technology and its enlightenment to human beings. Therefore, the vigorous development of science fiction is the result of the development of science and technology.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Science and technology is only the background element of science fiction, which essentially tells a complete story' can best weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5349, "premise": "Internationally, the median survival time of general pancreatic cancer patients is 4 to 6 months. The National Institutes of Health reports that the one-year survival rate for this type of cancer is 8%, and the five-year survival rate is 3%, and the median survival time is only 2 to 3. Months. Among the more than 100 patients with pancreatic cancer in Shanghai who have been diagnosed and treated by Traditional Chinese medicine, nearly 20 have escaped for 3 to 5 years.The vast majority of these patients are inoperable and have not undergone chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and most of them are now very happy.", "hypothesis": "Traditional Chinese medicine makes people live in a muddle, while western medicine makes people die clearly cannot be introduced.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10709, "premise": "College professor: College students do not write nearly as well as they used to. Almost all of the papers that my students have done for me this year have been poorly written and ungrammatical.", "hypothesis": "The most serious weakness in the argument made by the professor is that it requires confirmation that the change in the professor's students is representative of a change among college students in general.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6464, "premise": "The word Skyscraper was originally a special term for the crew, meaning a tall pole or sail on a sailboat, and then it evolved into a specific term in architecture. In 1883, skyscraper first appeared in the article American Architects and Architecture News written by an American fantasy writer, and the term was born. Since then, many skyscrapers have been built, one after another, towering in the skies of major cities around the world.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, the crew and the writer coined the term skyscraper is incorrectly understood.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2697, "premise": "If a man works only for himself, he may become a famous scholar, a great philosopher and an outstanding poet, but he can never become a flawless great man. If we choose the profession that works best for the welfare of mankind, then the burden cannot overwhelm us, for I am giving my life for all; then what we feel is not poor, limited, selfish pleasure, our happiness will belong to millions of people, our cause will be silent, but it will last forever, and the noble people will shed tears in the face of our ashes.", "hypothesis": "If we give our lives for all of us, our happiness will belong to thousands of people, and noble people will shed tears in the face of our ashes can be obtained according to the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10979, "premise": "An undergraduate degree is necessary for appointment to the executive board. Further, no one with a felony conviction can be appointed to the board. Thus, Manu, an accountant with both a bachelor' s and a master' s degree, cannot be accepted for the position of Executive Administrator, since he has a felony conviction.", "hypothesis": "An undergraduate degree is not necessary for acceptance for the position of Executive Administrator is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13369, "premise": "Passenger volume in the airline industry has declined dramatically over the past two years, and thus fewer travelers and fewer planes are using airports. Since airport expansion can be warranted only by increases in air traffic volume, and since it will probably be at least five years before passenger volume returns to and then exceeds its previous level, it seems surprising that now is the time that airports are going ahead with plans to expand their passenger terminal facilities.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is generally more difficult to finance major construction projects when the economy is in a period of decline' provides the best reason in favor of the airports' timing of their planned expansions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14839, "premise": "Forestry official: Many people think that if forest fires are not extinguished as quickly as possible, the Forestry Department is not doing its job properly. But relatively frequent, small fires clear out small trees and forest debris, which, if allowed to accumulate, would create the conditions for large, devastating fires.", "hypothesis": "The statement that relatively frequent, small fires clear out small trees and forest debris is offered as support for the contention that the Forestry Department is not doing its job properly if it does not extinguish forest fires as quickly as possible.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14838, "premise": "Sales manager: The highest priority should be given to the needs of the sales department, because without successful sales the company as a whole would fail. Shipping manager: There are several departments other than sales that also must function successfully for the company to succeed. It is impossible to give the highest priority to all of them.", "hypothesis": "The shipping manager criticizes the sales manager's argument by pointing out an absurd consequence of its apparent assumption that a department's necessity earns it the highest priority.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9073, "premise": "During the Industrial Revolution, two plant diseases disappeared in heavily polluted British industrial cities: black spot, which infects roses, and tar spot, which infects sycamore. Biologists believe that air pollution may have eliminated these two diseases.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some plants can produce strong resistance to air pollution' will most strongly support the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13702, "premise": "To improve productivity, manufacturing companies have recently begun restructuring work to produce more goods with fewer assembly-line workers, and the companies have laid off many workers as a consequence. The workers laid off have been those with the least seniority (time on the job), generally the younger workers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some of the innovations in assembly-line processes and procedures that were made to increase productivity have instead proved to be counterproductive' is most strongly supported as a conclusion by the statements above if they are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10336, "premise": "Some people think that only by establishing a good institutional mechanism can corruption be fundamentally put an end to. However, in Chinese society, once an atmosphere is formed, even a powerful system will be torn apart by it. righting the hearts of the people and then the world. If we want to solve the problem fundamentally, we must take rectifying the hearts of the people as the foundation. Only when the hearts of the people are upright can the wind of corruption and utilitarianism be eliminated, and can the anti-corruption system be truly established and effectively implemented.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is the statement that the formation of corruption and utilitarianism is not caused by imperfect system or lax enforcement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3231, "premise": "The phenomenon of Blaise paradox refers to the phenomenon that adding a section of a traffic network does not reduce the traffic delay, but increases the travel time of all travelers in the whole traffic network.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'City N has built another underground tunnel under the urban trunk road. Due to the traffic collection at the entrance and exit, the traffic is more congested after the completion of the tunnel than before' belongs to the phenomenon of Blaise paradox.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4444, "premise": "If he doesn't study Erhu performance, Xu Ping can't do theoretical research on folk music. If he likes national musical instruments, he will choose to study Erhu performance as his major. If he doesn't like national musical instruments, he will do theoretical research on folk music.", "hypothesis": "From this, we can deduce that Xu Ping will learn to play Erhu.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10226, "premise": "In order to alleviate the shortage of oil, China began to industrialize the technology of converting corn into fuel ethanol five years ago, commonly known as grain into oil, which has now become a more mature industry. China has had a bumper grain harvest for three consecutive years from 2004 to 2006, and the international oil price has reached a new high this year, but the National Development and Reform Commission has notified to stop the project of producing fuel ethanol from grain.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"China has developed the key technology of using straw to produce fuel ethanol\" can best explain the above seemingly contradictory phenomena.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1613, "premise": "Human influenza virus mainly acts on the receptor subtype alpha 2.6 in the nose and throat, while H5N1 virus usually affects the receptor subtype alpha 2.3 in the lower respiratory tract. This difference determines that avian influenza virus is not easy to spread through salivary droplets. However, the latest gene sequencing results show that Turkish avian influenza virus is more likely to bind to receptor subtype alpha 2.6.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of this paragraph is to discuss the differences between human influenza virus and avian influenza virus.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10969, "premise": "The authorship of the Iliad and the Odyssey has long been debated. Some traditional evidence suggests that Homer created both works, or at least large portions of them, but there is equally forceful evidence that he had nothing to do with either. Since there is no overwhelming evidence for either claim, we ought to accept the verdict of tradition that Homer is the principal author of both works.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If a hypothesis goes against tradition, one should not accept the hypothesis without overwhelming evidence' most accurately expresses the principle underlying the argumentation above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7322, "premise": "Peer education refers to the use of the same age, knowledge background and interests of peers, friends' opinions and suggestions are easy to be adopted to carry out related education.", "hypothesis": "Fans obeying the idols belongs to peer education.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5891, "premise": "Only people with high fishing skills can join the fishing association; all people in the fishing association wear sun hats; some retired comrades are members of the fishing association; people in a certain street can't fish.", "hypothesis": "Some people on the street wear sun hats cannot be confirmed from this.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5042, "premise": "Merger refers to the behavior of one enterprise acquiring another enterprise, usually in the form of one enterprise acquiring the shares of another enterprise. The main forms include: (1) vertical merger, which occurs when two enterprises are at different stages of the production process; (2) Horizontal merger. occurs when two enterprises are in the same market; (3) Mixed merger occurs when two enterprises operate separately in two unrelated markets", "hypothesis": "The acquisition of property management company B by commercial housing development company A is a mixed merger according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1883, "premise": "Among the thousands of World Heritage sites, there are more than 30 rock painting sites. At present, rock paintings have been found in more than 150 countries and regions on five continents in the world. According to textual research, these images left in caves on the rocks have a history of at least 30,000 to 40,000 years. From today's point of view, they are more like children's works, emitting all the romantic observations and thoughts of human beings in childhood, and they are the most authentic writing of human beings before there are no words. China is one of the regions with the richest rock painting relics in the world, but it has not become a World Heritage site before. Zuojiang Huashan Rock painting Cultural Landscape makes up for this deficiency.", "hypothesis": "The author's intention from this passage is that China is one of the areas with the richest remains of rock paintings.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6757, "premise": "A beautiful face is often the result of averaging. Scientific research has found that the more people's faces are combined with computers, the more attractive the new faces are. Two faces are only ordinary people, and 32 faces can be made into beauties. This may be because the average face masks the original incongruity, or it may be because the average face is very symmetrical, which is one of the signs of health.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Beauty is a subjective feeling, and not all people like computer-generated faces\" accurately summarizes this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10853, "premise": "Columnist: Until very recently, Presorbin and Veltrex, two medications used to block excess stomach acid, were both available only with a prescription written by a doctor. In an advertisement for Presorbin, its makers argue that Presorbin is superior on the grounds that doctors have written 200 million prescriptions for Presorbin, as compared to 100 million for Veltrex. It can be argued that the number of prescriptions written is never a worthwhile criterion for comparing the merits of medicines, but that the advertisement' s argument is absurd is quite adequately revealed by observing that Presorbin was available as a prescription medicine years before Veltrex was.", "hypothesis": "The first identifies the conclusion of an argument that the columnist's argument is directed against; the second states the main conclusion of the columnist's argument is the role played by the two highlighted portions in the columnist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10926, "premise": "Antoine: The alarming fact is that among children aged 19 years and younger, the number taking antipsychotic medicines soared 73 percent in the last four years. That is greater than the increase in the number of adults taking antipsychotic medicines during the same period. Lucy: But the use of antipsychotic drugs by adults is considered normal at the current rate of 11 adults per 1, 000 taking the drugs. In contrast, the number of children on antipsychotic medication last year was 6. 6 per 1, 000 children.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of Lucy's argument is that the fact that the number of children taking antipsychotic medicines increased 73 percent over the last four years is not an indication that the current level of use is abnormally high.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14325, "premise": "Political scientist: When a bill comes before a legislative body, the majority of the representatives are usually prepared to vote for it. Moreover, when a bill is at first unlikely to get approval by the majority, a compromise regarding the content of the bill is usually possible, allowing its passage into law. Such compromises are impossible, however, when the bill concerns an issue of fundamental importance to a large bloc of representatives.", "hypothesis": "If the political scientist's statements are true, then most bills do not concern any issues of fundamental importance to any large bloc of representatives in the legislature must be false.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6952, "premise": "Some psychologists working in personnel departments abroad advocate the determination of the temperament characteristics of workers and take the results as a basis in order to assign each person to the job most suitable for his or her characteristics.", "hypothesis": "The argument that temperament measurement can choose suitable positions for employees is directly supported by this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10280, "premise": "Dai Wei has hardly suffered from stomach trouble after eating milk-made food. Just because he occasionally had stomach pain after eating the milk-made food, it was concluded that his allergy to milk-made food was unreasonable.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although many chain stores are more profitable, it is unreasonable to attribute the success of this business model only to this business model, because only well-funded businesses can do so' is most similar to the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7873, "premise": "Faith, belief and confidence are all important at all times. For a person, a collective, a political party, a nation and a country, as long as they have faith, belief and confidence, they will become more and more frustrated and brave, otherwise they will be defeated and collapse without fighting.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, if the more frustrated we are, the harder we are, and the more brave we fight, we will not be defeated or defeated without fighting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4475, "premise": "Language attrition refers to the attenuation of speech act or speech ability caused by the linguistic or nonverbal factors (emotion, motivation, age, reduction or cessation of language use, etc.) of a language in a specific language environment. It has the characteristics of non pathology, gradual change, reversibility and repetition.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Li's English score in the college entrance examination is very good, but his English score is not ideal in the opening class examination after the summer break belongs to language attrition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6965, "premise": "In order to reverse the prejudice of emphasizing the accumulation of fixed assets and neglecting the accumulation of liquidity, we must maintain a reasonable ratio of investment in fixed assets to investment in liquidity. According to experience, it is more appropriate for working capital investment to account for 30% of the total investment. According to the relevant documents, when arranging new enterprises or expanding old enterprises, a certain amount of working capital investment should be arranged to avoid the lack of working capital to form production capacity after the completion of the project.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is to reverse the prejudice of belittling the accumulation of liquidity in order to increase investment in liquidity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6087, "premise": "If there is no lightning, human beings will lose a hard-working cleaner. When lightning works, part of the oxygen in the atmosphere is excited into ozone. The thin ozone not only does not smell, but also absorbs most of the cosmic rays, so as to protect the organisms on the earth's surface from excessive ultraviolet radiation. The high temperature generated in the process of lightning can kill more than 90% of the bacteria and microorganisms in the atmosphere, This makes the air more pure, fresh and pleasant.", "hypothesis": "The paragraph mainly introduces the contribution of ozone to mankind.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4361, "premise": "The common national language refers to the language used by people of the same nationality in production, life, and exchange of thoughts and feelings and contacts with each other.", "hypothesis": "The Nong people, one of the northern ethnic groups in Vietnam, speak a language similar to that of the Dai people is not part of the common national language.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12075, "premise": "Area resident: Childhood lead poisoning has declined steadily since the 1970s, when leaded gasoline was phased out and lead paint was banned. But recent statistics indicate that 25 percent of this area' s homes still contain lead paint that poses significant health hazards. Ttherefore, if we eliminate the lead paint in those homes, childhood lead poisoning in the area will finally be eradicated.", "hypothesis": "The area resident's argument is flawed in that it relies on statistical claims that are likely to be unreliable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4201, "premise": "Vocational training refers to the training of vocational knowledge and practical skills of the trainees in accordance with the requirements of different vocational positions.", "hypothesis": "An enterprise has conducted enterprise education for the newly recruited employees this year is vocational training according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12976, "premise": "In a study, parents were asked to rate each television program that their children watched. The programs were rated for violent content on a scale of one to five, with one indicating no violence and five indicating a great deal. The number of times their children were disciplined in school was also recorded. Children who watched programs with an average violence rating of three or higher were 50 percent more likely to have been disciplined than other children.", "hypothesis": "Parents who rated their children's television viewing low on violence had become desensitized to the violence on television by watching too much of it does not help to explain the statistical relationship described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 867, "premise": "Scientific and technological strength refers to the country's ability to use various scientific and technological resources nationally and globally in order to pursue and achieve development strategic goals. It includes scientific innovation capabilities, technological innovation capabilities, the ability to use new technologies, and the use of global information, and the ability to invest in research and development. The scientific and technological strength of a country is shown in the ability to acquire, utilize and allocate various scientific and technological resources for the country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the overall strength of the world in the competitiveness of science and technology is the scientific and technological strength of a country.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13681, "premise": "Attorney for Ziegler: My client continued to do consulting work between the time of his arrest for attempted murder and the start of this trial. But I contend that Ziegler was insane at the time that he fired the shot. This is the only reasonable conclusion to draw from the fact that the accusers have submitted no evidence that he was sane at the time he pulled the trigger, only that he was sane some time after he did so.", "hypothesis": "It fails to consider the possibility that Ziegler's being sane after the shooting is an indication that he was sane at the time of the shooting most accurately describes a flaw in the reasoning of Ziegler's attorney.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11276, "premise": "Modern science is built on the process of posing hypotheses and testing them against observations -- in essence, attempting to show that the hypotheses are incorrect. Nothing brings more recognition than overthrowing conventional wisdom. It is accordingly unsurprising that some scientists are skeptical of the widely accepted predictions of global warming. What is instead remarkable is that with hundreds of researchers striving to make breakthroughs in climatology, very few find evidence that global warming is unlikely.", "hypothesis": "The information above provides the most support for the statement 'Scientists who are skeptical about global warming have not offered any alternative hypotheses to explain climatological data.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11215, "premise": "Mainstream economic theory holds that manufacturers, in deciding what kinds of products to manufacture and what form those products should have, simply respond to the needs and desires of consumers. However, most major manufacturers manipulate and even create consumer demand, as anyone who watches television knows. Since even mainstream economic theorists watch television, their motive in advancing this theory must be something other than disinterested concern for scientific truth.", "hypothesis": "The claim that manufacturers manipulate and create consumer demand is one of the claims on which the conclusion is based.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15087, "premise": "Last year all refuse collected by Shelbyville city services was incinerated. This incineration generated a large quantity of residual ash. In order to reduce the amount of residual ash Shelbyville generates this year to half of last year's total, the city has revamped its collection program. This year city services will separate for recycling enough refuse to reduce the number of truckloads of refuse to be incinerated to half of last year's number.", "hypothesis": "Refuse collected by city services will contain a larger proportion of recyclable materials this year than it did last year is required for the revamped collection program to achieve its aim.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8452, "premise": "Cryptococcus neoformans first invades the body through infection in the lungs, and then spreads to other organs, including the brain, which can cause chest pain, dry cough, abdominal swelling, headache, blurred vision and other symptoms. Among them, cryptococcal meningitis is the most serious. If it is not treated in time, about 86% of the patients may die within a year; even though there are multiple drug treatments, the mortality rate remains at 40%. 65%. What is even more frightening is that among those patients who survived death, some patients may also leave sequelae such as blindness, hearing impairment, hemiplegia, headache, lower limb muscle atrophy and so on, and its disability rate is about 20%.", "hypothesis": "The main topic introduced in this passage is the sequelae of cryptococcosis.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9793, "premise": "The orange-bellied prairie vole practices monogamy, which is extremely rare in the animal world. The researchers first examined the communication between the medial prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens in female voles (the two regions are anatomically connected, and the nucleus accumbens plays a key role in the brain's reward system). The female voles were then asked to meet with male voles, and the intensity of communication between the two brain regions was continuously measured during the meeting. They found that voles with higher levels of communication in their brain regions were more likely to quickly establish intimate relationships with their partners. As a result, they believe that the activation of the loop between the two brain regions can directly affect the production of animal love.", "hypothesis": "The fact that mountain mice, which share a high percentage of genes with prairie voles, still forget their partners overnight even when injected with oxytocin, and that their brains lack oxytocin receptors, can best support the views of the researchers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13884, "premise": "Early in the development of a new product line, the critical resource is talent. New marketing ventures require a degree of managerial skill disproportionate to their short-term revenue prospects. Usually, however, talented managers are assigned only to established high-revenue product lines and, as a result, most new marketing ventures fail. Contrary to current practice, the best managers in a company should be assigned to development projects.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The more talented a manager is, the less likely he or she is to be interested in undertaking the development of a new product line' strengthens the author's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12435, "premise": "Decision makers tend to have distinctive styles. One such style is for the decision maker to seek the widest possible input from advisers and to explore alternatives while making up his or her mind. In fact, decision makers of this sort will often argue vigorously for a particular idea, emphasizing its strong points and downplaying its weaknesses, not because they actually believe in the idea but because they want to see if their real reservations about it are idiosyncratic or are held independently by their advisers.", "hypothesis": "Certain decision makers proceed in a way that makes it likely that they will frequently decide in favor of ideas in which they do not believe is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 431, "premise": "Reverse service is the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a telecom operator launched a preferential activity of topping up the telephone bill and you may get mobile phones is not a reverse service.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6732, "premise": "The rescue policy of the United States is a remedial measure to maintain the normal operation of the economy after the bursting of the subprime financial bubble. In fact, the short-term depression of China's real estate market is blocked in the process of creating the real estate bubble. At this time, if the government is free to carry out the so-called bailout in finance, credit and other areas, it means that supporting the real estate industry can continue to inflate the bubble.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that the Chinese government should not step in to rescue the market at this time.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4548, "premise": "Before a football match, four players A, B, C and D guessed their playing situation. A: none of us will play; B: some of us will play; C: B and d have at least one player; D: I'll play.", "hypothesis": "If two of the four guessed true and two guessed false, then it's true that B and C are the correct guesses.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13348, "premise": "Antibiotics are standard ingredients in animal feed because they keep animals healthy and increase meat yields. However, scientists have recommended phasing out this practice, believing it may make antibiotics less effective in humans. If meat yields are reduced, however, some farmers will go out of business.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If the health of their animals declines, most farmers will not be able to stay in business' is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13104, "premise": "A recent study concludes that prehistoric birds, unlike modern birds, were cold-blooded. This challenges a widely held view that modern birds descended from warm-blooded birds. The conclusion is based on the existence of growth rings in prehistoric birds' bodily structures, which are thought to be found only in cold-blooded animals. Another study, however, disputes this view. It concludes that prehistoric birds had dense blood vessels in their bones, which suggests that they were active creatures and ttherefore had to be warm-blooded.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Modern birds did not evolve from prehistoric species of birds' would most help to resolve the dispute described above in favor of one party to it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2731, "premise": "Professor Zhang: the prehistoric essential tools found in South America existed 13,000 years ago. Some archaeologists believe that these tools were used by people whose ancestors migrated from Siberia to Alaska. This view is untenable. In order to reach South America, these people had to trek 13, 000 years ago, and 13, 000-year-old wooden tools were never found between Alaska and South America. Researcher Li: I'm afraid you've overlooked: these wooden tools are found in peat bogs, which are rarely found in North America. Wooden tools rot and dissolve in ordinary soil within a few years.", "hypothesis": "The coping method of researcher Li is to question Professor Zhang's implicit hypothesis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10863, "premise": "Political analyst: Several years ago, McFarlane, the military dictator, had Brooks, the former prime minister, arrested on charges of corruption. After years of negotiation, McFarlane has pardoned Brooks, and she has agreed to join his government. Almost all of McFarlane' s supporters believe that Brooks is guilty of corruption. Moreover, almost all of McFarlane' s opponents will oppose anyone who agrees to join his government. So Brooks will have few supporters in this country.", "hypothesis": "The political analyst's argument depends on the assumption that most people in the country are either supporters or opponents of McFarlane.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3080, "premise": "Today, we almost live in a highly formatted era. When traveling, we should pursue various strategies, and when shopping, we should refer to various lists. Originally, we have a very humanized life, and the way of reading is also influenced by various labels. Everyone is similar in personality and chicken soup at a glance. This is also a common disease of our era. Find yourself in repetition and forwarding, Instead of using their own feelings, senses, thoughts and actions to connect the world and intervene in real life. They lose their real proximity and unique feelings, simplicity and sincerity, and their hearts are thin like pieces of paper. Their thoughts are blank, so readers will not like them. Good prose is difficult to find, but it is still the problem of the writer after all", "hypothesis": "The lack of good prose is due to the loss of readers is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14346, "premise": "A drug that is highly effective in treating many types of infection can, at present, be obtained only from the bark of the ibora, a tree that is quite rare in the wild. It takes the bark of 5, 000 trees to make one kilogram of the drug. It follows, ttherefore, that continued production of the drug must inevitably lead to the ibora's extinction.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The ibora can be propagated from cuttings and grown under cultivation' most seriously weakens the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12384, "premise": "Printwell' s Ink Jet Division manufactures ink-jet printers and the ink cartridges they use. Sales of its ink-jet printers have increased. Monthly revenues from those sales, however, have not increased, because competition has forced Printwell to cut the prices of its printers. Unfortunately, Printwell has been unable to bring down the cost of manufacturing a printer. Thus, despite the increase in printer sales, the Ink Jet Division must be contributing less to the company' s profits than it used to.", "hypothesis": "Ink-jet printers in regular use frequently need new ink cartridges, and Printwell's printers only accept Printwell's ink cartridges most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3128, "premise": "Substitution effect refers to that after the commodity price rises, consumers change to other commodities to meet their needs. When commodity prices fall, consumers will use this commodity to replace other commodities to meet demand.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'Consumers mostly choose goods based on price rather than demand' is incorrect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11276, "premise": "Modern science is built on the process of posing hypotheses and testing them against observations -- in essence, attempting to show that the hypotheses are incorrect. Nothing brings more recognition than overthrowing conventional wisdom. It is accordingly unsurprising that some scientists are skeptical of the widely accepted predictions of global warming. What is instead remarkable is that with hundreds of researchers striving to make breakthroughs in climatology, very few find evidence that global warming is unlikely.", "hypothesis": "Most researchers in climatology have substantial motive to find evidence that would discredit the global warming hypothesis is the statement that the information above provides the most support for.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14389, "premise": "A bacterial species will inevitably develop greater resistance within a few years to any antibiotics used against it, unless those antibiotics eliminate that species completely. However, no single antibiotic now on the market is powerful enough to eliminate bacterial species X completely.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If any antibiotic now on the market is used against bacterial species X, that species will develop greater resistance to it within a few years' is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3499, "premise": "A beverage manufacturer changed the composition of a famous beverage they produced last year, and at the same time the export value of a small island in the Indian Ocean began to decline. The island's only export product, vanilla beans, accounted for more than half of the global supply. Therefore, analysts believe that the original ingredient of the famous drink contains vanilla extracted from vanilla beans, but the new ingredient does not.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The number of vanilla beans imported by the country where the beverage manufacturer is located has decreased\" is correct, and it is a powerful way to enhance analysts' reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13585, "premise": "Two years ago, the government of Runagia increased by 20 percent the government-provided pensions paid to Runagians over 65. The aim of the increase was to stimulate the economy in the rural regions of the country, where most pension recipients live. Statistics, however, show that there has been no increase in economic activity in those regions since then, but that there has been noticeably more spending in the urban areas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Until the pensions were increased, many Runagians over 65 in rural regions had been receiving support from their children who live in urban areas' most helps to explain why the increase resulted in the unintended state of affairs described.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11819, "premise": "Educator: Some experimental educational programs, based on the principle that children' s first education should take place at home, instruct parents in how to be their child' s first teacher.  The school performance of the children in these programs is better than average. This shows that these programs are successful and should be expanded.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Not all small children enjoy being taught by their parents' most weakens the educator's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10936, "premise": "In response to high mortality in area hospitals, surgery was restricted to emergency procedures during a five-week period. Mortality in these hospitals was found to have fallen by nearly one-third during the period. The number of deaths rose again when elective surgery (surgery that can be postponed) was resumed. It can be concluded that, before the five-week period, the risks of elective surgery had been incurred unnecessarily often in the area.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Elective surgery is, in general, less risky than is emergency surgery because the conditions requiring or indicating surgery are often less severe' most seriously undermines the conclusion above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1482, "premise": "After the conquest of the Mediterranean world, the increase in wealth, changes in economic structure and the influx of foreign ideas made the Romans start to feel at a loss. The pursuit of value showed a bizarre scene. The vast majority of Romans abandoned traditional social virtues and pursued happiness. Doctrine philosophy, worship of money, greed for ease, indulge in food and color, the Roman nation gradually drifted away from traditional virtues in the value orientation of life. After the formation of the Roman Empire, the traditional virtues that the Romans were proud of disappeared, and morality was disintegrated. This led to the decline and fall of the Roman Empire.", "hypothesis": "The main point of this passage is that the decline of morality led to the decline and fall of the Roman Empire.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6017, "premise": "The travel agency has just booked a flight for three passengers. The three passengers are Bill from the Netherlands, Berteau from Canada and Pewter from Britain. Three of them went to Holland, one to Canada and one to England. It is reported that Bill does not intend to go to Holland and that Dombey does not intend to go to England. Berteau is not going to Canada or England.", "hypothesis": "Berto goes to Holland, Dampy goes to Canada, and Bill goes to England can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14421, "premise": "There are many structural and thematic similarities between Piers Plowman by Langland (1330-1400) and House of Fame by Chaucer (1342-1400), two Middle English poems relating dream visions. Some critics have argued that because a number of the shared elements are uncommon in Middle English poetry, and because Langland' s poem probably predates Chaucer' s by a few years, Chaucer was most likely influenced by Piers Plowman when writing House of Fame.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Because Piers Plowman became a well-known work in its day, it is likely that the similarities between it and House of Fame were detected by many of the people who read House of Fame soon after Chaucer wrote it\" most seriously weakens the critics' argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10591, "premise": "Life on Earth depends on water. Unfortunately, water is the world' s most threatened natural resource as a result of unrelenting pollution. In the near future, wars will be fought over clean drinking water, as climate change reduces the amount of potable water and pollution taints the drinking water. However, this trend can be broken. Citizens around the globe can aggressively lobby their governments to invest in sustainable energy sources, cleanup polluted waterways, and implement regulations to prevent commercial dumping. Citizens can also have a lasting impact by recycling and taking other steps to reduce their household' s biological footprint. As long as citizens actively respond, then the crisis can be mitigated.", "hypothesis": "The argument's primary purpose is to spur activism amongst citizens.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13933, "premise": "Oil company representative: We spent more money on cleaning the otters affected by our recent oil spill than has been spent on any previous marine mammal rescue project. This shows our concern for the environment. Environmentalist: You have no such concern. Your real concern is evident in your admission to the press that news photographs of oil-covered otters would be particularly damaging to your public image, which plays an important role in your level of sales.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The government would have spent the money to clean the otters if the oil company had not agreed to do it' would allow the environmentalist to properly draw the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9630, "premise": "Township sages mediation refers to the civil mediation method in which rural dignitaries with high prestige and influence come forward to resolve disputes after disputes occur among villagers.", "hypothesis": "The option 'Lao Zhou and Lao Ma went to court because of the dispute over loans. After the court accepted it, they went to the village for a hearing and invited several township sages to attend. After on-the-spot mediation, the two sides reached an understanding' does not belong to the township sages mediation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3545, "premise": "Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structure level imitates the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain. Among them, the structure level imitates the brain refers to the analysis of the brain as a material and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (Various types of neurons and nerve synapses, etc.) each The function and connection relationship network structure; device-level approach to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and nerve synapses, so as to construct a human brain-scale neural network system under limited physical space and power consumption;the intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information stimulation, training and learning of the brain-like computer to make it produce intelligence similar to the human brain.", "hypothesis": "Capturing the non-linear dynamics of the subtle firing of a single neuron belongs to the intelligence level that surpasses the brain according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9983, "premise": "An evaluation agency conducted a social survey to evaluate the popularity of books. The results show that the sales volume of life books exceeds that of science and technology books, so the popularity of life books is higher than that of science and technology books.", "hypothesis": "Sales only partly reflect the popularity of books can best refute the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5832, "premise": "In 1992, the average population density of the Three Gorges Reservoir area was 282 persons/square kilometers, which was higher than that of the whole country (122 persons/square kilometers) and Sichuan (192 persons/square kilometers) . The mountainous area of the reservoir area accounts for more than 90% of the total area. The population density of the area below 400 meters above sea level is 500 fo 600 people/km2. In addition, most of the cultivated land in the reservoir area is dry land. 46.5% of the dry land is cultivated land with slope of 15 to 25 degrees, and 25% is cultivated land with slope of more than 25 degrees.", "hypothesis": "The average population density of Shaanxi is the lowest in the country can be inferred from this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6179, "premise": "At present, stealth fighters mainly rely on shape design and material surface coating to reduce their detectability and realize radar stealth. However, due to many limitations such as the level of existing technology and materials, the difficulty of fighter manufacturing, maneuverability, cost and follow-up costs, and the convenience of maintenance and support, stealth fighters have to make a certain balance in the above aspects. Therefore, it is generally impossible to achieve the so-called all-round stealth in all directions and all electromagnetic bands, especially when it performs special tasks and carries or mounts non stealth configurations exposed outside the body, its stealth ability will be greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above words is to analyze the design defects of stealth fighter.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14241, "premise": "Many Seychelles warblers of breeding age forgo breeding, remaining instead with their parents and helping to raise their own siblings. This behavior, called cooperative breeding, results from the scarcity of nesting territory for the birds on the tiny island that, until recently, was home to the world' s population of Seychelles warblers. Yet when healthy warblers were transplanted to a much larger neighboring island as part of an experiment, most of those warblers maintained a pattern of cooperative breeding.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most of the terrain on the neighboring island was not of the type in which Seychelles warblers generally build their nests' most helps to explain the result of the experiment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2428, "premise": "A crime research report revealed that 60% of serious criminal cases in a city in the past three years were committed by 350 habitual criminals on record. The report also reveals that more than half of the perpetrators of serious criminal cases are also drug addicts.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertions are true, most of the drug addicts are among 350 habitual criminals.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13562, "premise": "In a recent experiment, researchers concluded that the phenomenon known as runner' s high was caused by a biochemical reaction in the brain. Long-distance runners who ran long enough produced chemicals that have an opioid-like effect on mood. These runners not only felt euphoric after running, but they had a higher pain tolerance than the average person as well.", "hypothesis": "Those who have runner's high will experience euphoria as well as a higher pain tolerance is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8803, "premise": "The United States adopted this policy after the 9.11 terrorist attack: Either stand with us against terrorism, then you are our friend; or do not stand with us, then you are our enemy.", "hypothesis": "If a professor has enough ability, he can even teach stupid students to pass; therefore, if he can't teach stupid students to pass, it means that his ability is not good enough is not the same as the expression in the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14346, "premise": "A drug that is highly effective in treating many types of infection can, at present, be obtained only from the bark of the ibora, a tree that is quite rare in the wild. It takes the bark of 5, 000 trees to make one kilogram of the drug. It follows, ttherefore, that continued production of the drug must inevitably lead to the ibora's extinction.", "hypothesis": "The ibora can be propagated from cuttings and grown under cultivation most seriously weakens the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13139, "premise": "Any museum that owns the rare stamp that features an airplane printed upside down should not display it. Ultraviolet light causes red ink to fade, and a substantial portion of the stamp is red. If the stamp is displayed, it will be damaged. It should be kept safely locked away, even though this will deny the public the chance to see it.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above most closely conforms to the principle that a museum piece that would be damaged by display should not be displayed.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 169, "premise": "Declarative knowledge is knowledge about what is the world, which can be stated directly, and the required psychological process mainly is the memory. Proceduralknowledge is knowledge about how to do, which cannot be stated directly, but can only be inferred through a certain form to predict its existence.", "hypothesis": "Riding and archery is declarative knowledge, and stopping at a red light and going on a green light is procedural knowledge.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12361, "premise": "Criticism that the press panders to public sentiment neglects to consider that the press is a profit-making institution. Like other private enterprises, it has to make money to survive. If the press were not profit-making, who would support it? The only alternative is subsidy and, with it, outside control. It is easy to get subsidies for propaganda, but no one will subsidize honest journalism.", "hypothesis": "It can be properly inferred from the passage that if the press is to produce honest journalism, it must be a profit-making institution.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12088, "premise": "The body of anyone infected by virus X will, after a week, produce antibodies to fight the virus; the antibodies will increase in number for the next year or so. There is now a test that reliably indicates how many antibodies are present in a person' s body. If positive, this test can be used during the first year of infection to estimate to within a month how long that person has had the virus.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion 'Anyone infected by virus X will for a time fail to exhibit infection if tested by the antibody test' is best supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7809, "premise": "At present, the way of communication in China has changed greatly, people use the internet to communicate thoughts and feelings. This is because a recent survey conducted by the relevant authorities at a university showed that 95 percent of the students surveyed regularly use the internet to communicate their thoughts and feelings.", "hypothesis": "Some college students still like the traditional way of communicating by letter most weakens this view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7631, "premise": "Housing endowment refers to the old man mortgaged his own property to a financial institution, according to the agreed conditions of regular pension and access to the corresponding services of the old - age way. After the old man's death, financial institutions can dispose of the property as agreed and pay the expenses already incurred.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After Lao Sun retired, he sold his big house in the city center and bought a second-hand small house. With the monthly pension plus the interest from the house sale, the couple's life was very comfortable' belongs to the housing endowment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8478, "premise": "New research shows that drinking green tea regularly is good for the cardiovascular system. The researchers followed more than 100,000 participants for seven years. Participants were divided into two groups: habitual tea drinkers (those who drank green tea more than three times a week) and those who never or did not drink green tea (those who drank green tea less than three times a week). The researchers found that people who had the habit of drinking green tea had a 20% lower risk of heart disease and stroke and a 22% lower risk of dying from heart disease and stroke than those who had never or had no habit of drinking green tea.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The participants in the green tea habit group were generally older than those in the non-green tea habit group' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 133, "premise": "There are four blood types: A, B, O, and AB. People with the same blood type can transfuse each other. Only people with O type can be transfused to people of any blood type, but only O type can be accepted, and the other three cannot be accepted. Only people with blood type AB can accept blood of any type, but they can only be transfused to people with blood type AB. People of the other three blood types cannot accept blood type AB. It is known that Zhao is of blood type A. Qian can't accept Zhao's blood, nor can he transfuse to Zhao, Sun can accept Zhao's blood, but can't transfuse to Zhao, Li can't accept Zhao's blood, but can transfuse to Zhao.", "hypothesis": "Qian has blood type B, Sun has blood type AB, and Li has blood type O according to the above conditions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13052, "premise": "Company spokesperson: Household Products magazine claims that our Filterator X water filter does not remove chemical contaminants in significant amounts. This attack on the quality of our product is undermined by the experience of the millions of Filterator X owners who are satisfied with the product' s performance.", "hypothesis": "People whose household water contains chemical contaminants are more likely than other people to buy a Filterator X water filter most seriously undermines the company spokesperson's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6431, "premise": "The flow compression device and the electron injector convert the pulse high voltage into an electron beam. The high-intensity electromagnetic field accelerates it in a long electron gun and ejects it into the current-collecting accelerator through the electron nozzle as a medium for forming and accelerating protons.", "hypothesis": "Pulsed high voltage is correct about what it refers to.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5499, "premise": "t present, people love tourism more and more. Many tourists will travel to some famous cities. There is often such a phenomenon: on the way to visit scenic spots, the Miss tour guide will always stop in front of several handicraft processing plants and persuade everyone to visit the factory. She says that the products are cheap and it doesn't matter whether they buy or not. Therefore, some tourists often complain, but this behavior continues, Even one year is better than another", "hypothesis": "The least likely cause of the above phenomenon is that most tourists are rich economically and want to save time without caring about the price of goods.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4713, "premise": "China is in the transition period of per capita GDP from US $100 to US $3000. In the process of accelerating industrialization, people's demand for material culture is increasing. However, at present, the government is insufficient to provide public goods and public services, which is not suitable for the growing social public demand of the people.", "hypothesis": "In 2004, the central government's fiscal revenue accounted for 54.9% of the total fiscal revenue, and the local government's fiscal revenue accounted for 45.1% of the total fiscal revenue. The central financial expenditure accounts for 27.8% of the total financial expenditure, and the local government financial expenditure accounts for 72.2% of the total expenditure cannot strengthen the above discussion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6764, "premise": "Reducing the death penalty does not mean that loopholes can be exploited. In fact, one of the conditions for abolishing the death penalty in any country is that the judicial justice in this country reaches a certain degree, otherwise people do not have confidence in the administration of justice, people will want to impose more death sentences, so they complement each other.", "hypothesis": "The they in the above text refers to conditions for abolishing the death penalty and judicial justice.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11688, "premise": "According to some astronomers, Earth is struck by a meteorite large enough to cause an ice age on an average of once every 100 million years. The last such incident occurred nearly 100 million years ago, so we can expect that Earth will be struck by such a meteorite in the near future. This clearly warrants funding to determine whether there is a means to protect our planet from such meteorite strikes.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most subject to criticism on the grounds that the argument presumes, without providing justification, that the probability of a chance event's occurring is not affected by whether the event has occurred during a period in which it would be expected to occur.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4830, "premise": "Without rapid economic development, there will be no progress in social undertakings. Now the economic development is fast, So the construction of social undertakings will also achieve remarkable results.", "hypothesis": "Honesty and integrity are the basic requirements for leading cadres and a leading cadre with a decent working style and strict self-discipline is a qualified leading cadre is the same as the above textual reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10161, "premise": "Whether a person does good behavior or bad behavior depends on the length of his life. If he only had one day to live, it would be best for him to steal people's things, because he would not suffer the pain of fear of being caught. Stealing is not the best thing for someone who has 20 years left to live because he will suffer from the fear of being caught.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A man can know exactly how long he will live before he decides whether to steal' is the assumption on which the above argument rests.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3902, "premise": "There are 12 books on a shelf from left to right. Four of them are small paperbacks, two are large paperbacks, three are cloth bindings and three are leather bounds. The first is known to be a large paperback, the fourth is a leather face binding book, three cloth binding books are not adjacent to each other, three leather face bindings are put together, four small paperback books are also placed together and on the far right.", "hypothesis": "Book Six must be a large paperback.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8518, "premise": "Questioning is actually the most basic scientific spirit. Previous results, conclusions and even widely confirmed and accepted theoretical systems need to be examined with skepticism. However, questioning is not the same as doubt, let alone a total negation. questioning is actually learning critically and accepting critically, and its purpose is to find loopholes, defects, imperfections, untested or inapplicable places in previous work. For example, Einstein questioned Newtonian mechanics and Newtonian theory of gravity, which led him to find that Newtonian mechanics and Newtonian theory of gravity are correct only in the case of low speed and weak gravitational field, otherwise it is necessary to use special relativity and general relativity.", "hypothesis": "The characteristics of questioning in this passage include the importance to the development of scientific theory.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14030, "premise": "If deep-sea divers ascend too rapidly from ocean depths, the decreasing pressure causes nitrogen to be released as gas bubbles in the blood. This condition is known as the bends.  Sea snakes, who, like humans, breathe air that contributes nitrogen to the blood, are nevertheless able to make extremely rapid ascents and descents in ocean waters without suffering from the bends.", "hypothesis": "The rapidity with which sea snakes are able to descend or ascend in ocean water is partially determined by the degree of buoyancy permitted by the inflation of the sea snake's lung contributes most to an explanation of the difference described between humans and sea snakes.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10280, "premise": "Dai Wei has hardly suffered from stomach trouble after eating milk-made food. Just because he occasionally had stomach pain after eating the milk-made food, it was concluded that his allergy to milk-made food was unreasonable.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Dogs and cats are sometimes restless before the earthquake, so there is no reason to conclude that dogs and cats have the ability to sense earthquakes in advance, because in most cases, there is no earthquake after the restlessness of dogs and cats\" is most similar to the argument in the above question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1025, "premise": "Altruistic punishment means that people sacrifice their own interests to punish those who violate social norms. Third party punishment is a kind of altruistic punishment. Although the third party is not directly harmed by the violation, it is willing to pay the price to punish those who violate social norms.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, An eye for an eye is third party punishment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2892, "premise": "In the past 10 years, the sales of personal notebook computers of a computer company have continued to grow, but the growth rate is lower than the growth rate of the company's total sales of all products.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the past 10 years, the company's personal notebook sales as a percentage of the company's total product sales have been declining year by year' conflicts with the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14702, "premise": "To prevent a newly built dam on the Chiff River from blocking the route of fish migrating to breeding grounds upstream, the dam includes a fish pass, a mechanism designed to allow fish through the dam. Before the construction of the dam and fish pass, several thousand fish a day swam upriver during spawning season. But in the first season after the project's completion, only 300 per day made the journey. Clearly, the fish pass is defective.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"During spawning season, the dam releases sufficient water for migratory fish below the dam to swim upstream\" most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1689, "premise": "In the naval battle between Britain and Denmark in Copenhagen, British Navy Colonel Nelson was in danger and received a signal to retreat. When the captain asked him what to do, he raised the telescope to one of his blind eyes and said, I don't see that signal. So he bravely continued to command the battle, and the result was victory, and Denmark was forced to call a truce.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Nelson decides whether or not to carry out orders according to his own situation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6784, "premise": "Life is a great adventure full of unexpected gains, which may seem difficult to grasp, but opportunities are everywhere. If you have never made a mistake, or no one has ever criticized you, then you have never made any bold attempt. If a person lives like this, he will certainly not be able to reach his full potential and it will be very difficult for him to really enjoy life.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of this passage is 'Have the courage to try in life.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14667, "premise": "The proper way to plan a scientific project is first to decide its goal and then to plan the best way to accomplish that goal. The United States space station project does not conform to this ideal. When the Cold War ended, the project lost its original purpose, so another purpose was quickly grafted onto the project, that of conducting limited-gravity experiments, even though such experiments can be done in an alternative way. It is, ttherefore, abundantly clear that the space station should not be built.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument concludes that a shortcoming is fatal, having produced evidence only of the existence of that shortcoming.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13460, "premise": "Throughout European history famines have generally been followed by periods of rising wages, because when a labor force is diminished, workers are more valuable in accordance with the law of supply and demand. The Irish potato famine of the 1840s is an exception; it resulted in the death or emigration of half of Ireland' s population, but there was no significant rise in the average wages in Ireland in the following decade.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The birth rate increased during the decade following the famine, and this compensated for much of the loss of population that was due to the famine' would LEAST contribute to an explanation of the exception to the generalization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9278, "premise": "In modern society, many people get fat, have beer bellies and are seriously overweight because they often drink beer.", "hypothesis": "It is impossible to question the above argument about whether fat people often exercise besides drinking beer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2453, "premise": "The head teacher told an excellent student that the reason why you achieved such good results was mainly because I had a good teaching plan.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The parents of the excellent student hired a famous scholar as a tutor for the student\" will most strongly refute the teacher's statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1353, "premise": "At the macro scale, diamond is usually considered to show no deformation behavior at all. The consequences of any extreme attempt to deform it often occur brittle fracture before the visible deformation is reached. This limits its application in some applications that may be subjected to mechanical deformation. In order to carry out the nano-scale mechanical test, the research team designed a set of unique nano-mechanics experimental method, and carried out quantitative compression-bending tests on single crystal and polycrystalline diamond nano-needle samples. the test samples can achieve a large deformation more than tens of times higher than that of macroscopic diamond, and can be completely recovered in a very large range. The experimental results are simulated and analyzed. It is confirmed that the elastic deformation of the single crystal diamond nano-needle on the stretching side is about 9%, and the corresponding strength is also close to its theoretical limit. This discovery will help to further expand the application of diamond in biomedical fields such as drug delivery, biological detection and imaging.", "hypothesis": "The correct interpretation of the passage is that the application of diamond in biomedical fields such as biological detection and imaging is limited.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 994, "premise": "At present, some heart patients are still unable to get rid of the pain, even if the heart transplant, the body may reject. New research has found heart cells can be made from human skin cells. So the researchers say the study could be a good news for heart patients.", "hypothesis": "In the experiment, researchers grew heart cells from patients' skin cells, but the process took a long time to produce enough new cells does not undermine the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6730, "premise": "In the process of human growth and development, the functional status of pulse, blood pressure and vital capacity have obvious age characteristics and gender differences.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is a correlation between blood pressure and vital capacity' directly supports the point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8378, "premise": "Township sages mediation refers to the civil mediation method in which rural dignitaries with high prestige and influence come forward to resolve disputes after disputes occur among villagers.", "hypothesis": "Lao Zhang and his neighbor Lao Li clashed and blocked the road in front of their home. The old branch secretary at the head of the village used to mediate. As soon as they saw him, they lost more than half of their anger, shook hands and opened the road does not belong to the township sages mediation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5672, "premise": "Cultural Consciousness means that people living in a certain culture have self-knowledge of their own culture, that is, understand its origin, formation process, characteristics and development trend, so as to enhance their ability of cultural transformation and obtain the ability and status of cultural choice under the conditions of the new era. In addition, cultural consciousness should have a world vision and be able to understand the culture of other nations, Enhance the ability to contact, dialogue and get along with different cultures.", "hypothesis": "King Zhao Wuling's Hufu riding and shooting and Tuoba's banning Hu language in the Northern Wei Dynasty belongs to Cultural Consciousness according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6956, "premise": "Japanese scientists have found that there is a special protein HP. HP in the blood of hibernating animals such as American squirrels, which can only be found in hibernating animals and appears at the same time as hibernation. This shows that HP plays an important role in hibernation. So, can we also find a phenomenon similar to hibernation in human beings, and is it possible for human beings to hibernate? The answer is yes. People also have hypothermia and slower heartbeat during sleep, which is similar to hibernation in nature. The hibernation of large bears makes it possible for humans to hibernate. If we take HP as a clue, we may be able to re-recognize the hibernation of bears. Once the genes that control bear hibernation are deciphered, human hibernation is not impossible.", "hypothesis": "Before the discovery of HP, no genes controlling hibernation had been found in animals is not supported by this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11055, "premise": "Geoffrey never attends a movie without watching the trailer and generally tries to read the reviews prior to the show. At the theater, Geoffrey sometimes buys popcorn and always buys a bottle of water. Geoffrey recently saw the eighth installment of the Boy Wizard Chronicles.", "hypothesis": "Geoffrey read the Boy Wizard Chronicles' reviews and drank a bottle of water during the show must be true based on these true statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14244, "premise": "Why are violins made by Stradivarius in the early 1700s far superior to most other violins? Some experts suggest secret varnishes, but there is no evidence for this. However, climatologists have found that in the 1600s and early 1700s weather patterns in the region of Italy where Stradivarius worked affected tree growth to produce wood with special acoustic properties. Ttherefore, it is likely that__.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'some other Italian violin makers in the early 1700s produced violins that equaled the quality of Stradivarius violins' most logically completes the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2044, "premise": "The blockbuster, marked by large investment, large production, high profile and high box office return, has been in the limelight in Chinese cinema in recent years. A City full of Gold, which began at the end of the year and began at the beginning of the year, became popular, grossing 350 million yuan at the box office, setting a new box office record in Chinese film history. Five films, including this one, accounted for more than five percent of the total box office receipts of 2.62 billion yuan of Chinese films in 2006. But most of the public opinion and the audience criticized and expressed dissatisfaction. In depth, many misunderstandings in material selection, production and market development are the most direct causes. From Hero, Wuji, ambush on all sides, Banquet to City full of Golden Armor, domestic blockbusters, including co-production with Hong Kong and Taiwan, almost exclusively choose the types of ancient costume and martial arts, conspiracy and love, showing a strong contrast between luxury in form and emptiness in content.", "hypothesis": "In the hustle of the booming market, the blockbuster lurks a deep cultural crisis is intended to describe in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8494, "premise": "Affected by the film and television capital Winter and policy tightening, the overall size of the original series shrank in 2019. Film and television data show that the overall number of shows dropped by 6% in 2019, from 452 to 377, but the average score of the top 30 shows rose from 5.96 in 2018 to 6.51 in 2019, according to an authoritative film and television website. To a certain extent, this shows that after the number of episodes has been greatly reduced, the top boutique dramas have not been greatly affected, and the market has eliminated a number of non-boutique dramas.", "hypothesis": "In 2018, the authoritative film and television website scored all the original series will best strengthen the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6188, "premise": "It is reported that the earth's glaciers are melting rapidly. However, some scientists believe that in ancient times, the earth fell into a deep-freezing state called Snowball Earth, when the ice sheet almost completely covered the whole earth. However, the number of times the earth appeared deep freezing, the extension range and the speed at which the earth turned into a snowball have always been unsolved mysteries. Scientists analyzed the newly discovered rock sequence in Ethiopia, and the results showed that the Snowball Earth could be formed in only a few thousand years. This discovery supports the snowball glacier theoretical model, which shows that once the ice extends to the earth's latitude of 30 degrees, there will be rapid glaciation in the whole world.", "hypothesis": "The formation speed of Snowball Earth can be obtained from the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8620, "premise": "Teacher Wu, Teacher Zhang, Teacher Sun, and Teacher Su are all teachers in a certain school, and each only teaches one course in Chinese, biology, physics, and chemistry. Known: \u2460If Mr. Wu teaches Chinese, then Mr. Zhang does not teach students \u2461Or Mr. Sun teaches Chinese, or Mr. Wu teaches Chinese \u2462If Mr. Zhang does not teach biology, then Mrs. Su also does not teach physics \u2463Or Mrs. Wu does not teach chemistry, Or Mr. Su teaches physics", "hypothesis": "If Teacher Wu teaches chemistry, it can be deduced that Teacher Sun teaches Chinese.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5319, "premise": "Mr. Zhang, Mr. Wang, Mr. Li and Mr. Zhao are driver, professor, doctor and worker. It is known that: (1) Mr. Zhang is taller than the professor; (2) Mr. Li is shorter than Mr. Wang; (3) The worker is taller than the driver; (4) The doctor is shorter than the professor; (5) The worker is either Mr. Zhao or Mr. Li.", "hypothesis": "All the four people's occupations can be determined can be inferred according to the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14747, "premise": "Reducing speed limits neither saves lives nor protects the environment. This is because the more slowly a car is driven, the more time it spends on the road spewing exhaust into the air and running the risk of colliding with other vehicles.", "hypothesis": "The argument's reasoning is flawed because it presumes, without providing justification, that total emissions for a given automobile trip are determined primarily by the amount of time the trip takes.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6261, "premise": "If one day machines surpass us in the important quality that we think we are superior, we will offer the only privilege to our creations!", "hypothesis": "When machines also have the ability of thinking, human beings will admit that thinking is no longer their privilege is the correct understanding of the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13816, "premise": "Since the deregulation of airlines, delays at the nation' s increasingly busy airports have increased by 25 percent. To combat this problem, more of the takeoff and landing slots at the busiest airports must be allocated to commercial airlines.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Over 60 percent of the takeoff and landing slots at the nation's busiest airports are reserved for commercial airlines' casts the most doubt on the effectiveness of the solution proposed above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13207, "premise": "Commissioner: I have been incorrectly criticized for having made my decision on the power plant issue prematurely. I based my decision on the report prepared by the neighborhood association and, although I have not studied it thoroughly, I am sure that the information it contains is accurate. Moreover, you may recall that when I received input from the neighborhood association on jail relocation, I agreed with its recommendation.", "hypothesis": "The commissioner's argument is LEAST vulnerable to the criticism that it draws a conclusion about the recommendations of the association from incomplete recollections.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2281, "premise": "Word-of-mouth marketing: refers to the use of effective means to allow consumers to introduce and recommend the company's products, services or overall image among relatives and friends.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Half a month ago, a shopping mall released holiday promotional information on the TV station. It also hired many retired grandparents to distribute promotional small advertisements in various communities. On the day of the holiday, employees and their families lined up a hundred-meter long line at the entrance of the mall.' does not belong to word-of-mouth marketing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8320, "premise": "Online social consumption refers to a way of consumption. In the process of online social, it will have the desire to impromptu consumption of certain goods, with the help of the link of the social platform to complete the purchasing behavior.", "hypothesis": "The option of the order card of a dessert shop having its own official account printed on it, with customers able to order desserts cheaply and with free delivery by following the official account, belongs to online social consumption.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 414, "premise": "Climatic geomorphology is a discipline that studies the formation process and evolution laws of geomorphology under different climatic conditions, and is an important branch of geomorphology. Climatic geomorphology mainly studies various physical, chemical, and biological factors that reflect the causes of climate and geomorphology, and studies the development process of various landforms under different climatic conditions.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, what are the climate characteristics and changing laws of the various periods since the formation of the earth and in the future does not belong to the research scope of climatic geomorphology.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6256, "premise": "Forest is the cradle of human civilization and the ecological factor that directly affects whether human beings can survive. Forests absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen, so as to balance the proportion of atmospheric carbon dioxide. It is estimated that forests and plants in the world produce 400 billion oxygen every year. Forests are rainmakers, which not only affect precipitation, but also slow down soil erosion on hillsides.", "hypothesis": "The argument that the above paragraph mainly supports is that the forest is the cradle of human civilization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10810, "premise": "Using new detection techniques, researchers have found trace amounts of various medicinal substances in lakes and rivers. Taken in large quantities, these substances could have serious health effects, but they are present in quantities far too low to cause any physiological response in people who drink the water or bathe in it. Nevertheless, medical experts contend that eliminating these trace amounts from the water will have public health benefits, since __.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"disease-causing bacteria exposed to low concentrations of certain medicinal substances can become resistant to them\" most logically completes the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1212, "premise": "There is an elderly model in Redmi mobile phone, which is an innovation forced according to the user feedback in the forum. We first heard a large number of users complain that the elderly dare not use smart phones because the Android system is too complex for the elderly to know what to do. Technicians focus on developing products on these issues. The current Redmi mobile phone 'elderly mode' removes all information aggregation and focuses on the card interface, laying out the functions such as SMS, phone, news and photography that the elderly can use on the desktop very good. ", "hypothesis": "When you buy, you can use any language; but when you sell, you must use the buyer's language is confirmed by the above cases.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6261, "premise": "If one day machines surpass us in the important quality that we think we are superior, we will offer the only privilege to our creations!", "hypothesis": "If one day machines have important human qualities, machines will enjoy all human rights is the correct understanding of the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13108, "premise": "Meat from chickens contaminated with salmonella bacteria can cause serious food poisoning. Capsaicin, the chemical that gives chili peppers their hot flavor, has antibacterial properties. Chickens do not have taste receptors for capsaicin and will readily eat feed laced with capsaicin. When chickens were fed such feed and then exposed to salmonella bacteria, relatively few of them became contaminated with salmonella.", "hypothesis": "It would be most helpful to determine whether feeding capsaicin to chickens affects the taste of their meat in deciding whether the feed would be useful in raising salmonella-free chicken for retail sale.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8170, "premise": "In the face of the chronic social and psychological illness of teenagers' Internet addiction, people from all walks of life have been trying to find countermeasures. Relevant scientific research has explained the mechanism of game addiction from different angles such as biomedicine, psychology and sociology, and sought the corresponding mechanism of intervention and governance. From the point of view of biomedicine, biochemical scientists have found that game addiction should be treated as a disease of the cerebral neurodopamine system; psychologists have revealed from a large number of case studies that game addiction mostly comes from defective personality, cognitive deviation, and specific defense mechanisms that balance the inner world with the impact of external reality. Sociological research focuses on the environmental factors of life events such as national policy, social environment, family education, parent-child relationship, school teaching, social communication style and so on.", "hypothesis": "The author is most likely to describe how to solve the problem of teenagers' Internet addiction from all walks of life next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10948, "premise": "Essayist: One of the claims of laissez-faire economics is that increasing the minimum wage reduces the total number of minimum-wage jobs available. In a recent study, however, it was found that after an increase in the minimum wage, fast-food restaurants kept on roughly the same number of minimum-wage employees as before the increase. Ttherefore, laissez-faire economics is not entirely accurate.", "hypothesis": "The essayist's argument depends on assuming that no study has ever found that a business has decreased the number of its minimum-wage employees after an increase in the minimum wage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5763, "premise": "Heterogeneous human capital refers to the human capital with the form of increasing productivity in a particular historical stage, which is manifested as the unique abilities of the owner. These abilities mainly include: comprehensive coordination ability, judgment and decision-making ability, learning and innovation ability and ability to bear risks, etc.", "hypothesis": "A certain factory hired an academician as a technical consultant, and a large number of venture capital companies came here, and some highly educated talents also joined one after another does not involve heterogeneous human capital according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10368, "premise": "There are six singers: F, G, L, K, H, M. Three piano accompaniment: X, Y, W. Each piano accompanist happens to accompany two of the singers. The known conditions are as follows: (1) if X accompanies F, W accompanies L. (2) if X does not accompany G, Y accompanies M. (3) X or Y to accompany H. (4) F and G do not share the same accompanist; L and K do not share the accompanist; H and M do not share the accompanist.", "hypothesis": "If X accompanies L and H, W must accompany K.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1823, "premise": "Did all ancient Chinese cities have walls? In people's impression, all ancient cities seemed to have walls, especially the towering walls of capital city, which marked the loss of the supreme walls of imperial power and often meant the demise of empires.The city of Beijing in the Ming and Qing dynasties, the city of Bianliang in the Northern Song Dynasty, the city of Yongtang, the city of Changan, the female east capital of Luoyang and so on. The Lifang pattern in these cities and the tall city walls in the periphery constitute the most distinct physical and chemical representation of the imperial capital.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between imperial power and urban pattern is most likely to be followed by this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5947, "premise": "The excuse is to admit that the activity itself is wrong, but the party denies that he should bear the responsibility. The defense is to admit that should be responsible for the activity, but the party denies that the activity is wrong. In the face of failed events, people use excuses to minimize their responsibilities, while  use defense  to try to redefine controversial actions so that they do not look too bad.", "hypothesis": "Consumers in a country questioned the practice of adding carbon monoxide to the packaging to make the meat look ruddy and fresh, but the country's Food Administration said that this practice is generally safe is an example of a defense according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9660, "premise": "The winter of 2020 seems to come earlier than usual. Before November, there was the first snowfall and the temperature dropped below zero in some parts of our country. According to this, the winter of 2020 will be the coldest winter in China in 60 years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Under the condition of global warming, the average temperature in winter in China has shown an upward trend in recent years' most weakens the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9416, "premise": "A concurrent sentence is a sentence in which a facultative phrase acts as a predicate or an independent sentence. The concurrent sentence has the following characteristics: first, the predicate of the concurrent sentence is composed of verb-object phrases and subject-predicate phrases, and the object of verb-object phrases is also the subject of subject-predicate phrases. Second, most of the concurrent sentences have the meaning of causative, so the former predicate in the sentence is mostly served by the causative verb. Third, the predicate in the sentence is the purpose or result of the previous action, that is, there is a certain semantic connection between the two verbs before and after the sentence. I asked him to give a report is a concurrent sentence.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, The students chose Xiaoming as their monitor does not belong to a concurrent sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12598, "premise": "Elena: The best form of government is one that fosters the belief among its citizens that they have a say in how the government is run. Thus, democracy is the best form of government. Marsha: But there are many forms of government under which citizens can be manipulated into believing they have a say when they don' t.", "hypothesis": "Marsha's claim that it is possible for governments to manipulate people into thinking that they have a say when they do not is used to suggest that the premise Elena uses to support her conclusion could be used to support a conflicting conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 11250, "premise": "A plausible explanation of the disappearance of the dinosaurs is what is known as the comet theory. A large enough comet colliding with Earth could have caused a cloud of dust that enshrouded the planet and cooled the climate long enough to result in the dinosaurs' demise.", "hypothesis": "Various species of animals from the same era as the dinosaurs and similar to them in physiology and habitat did not become extinct when the dinosaurs did most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10892, "premise": "Without information that could only have come from someone present at the secret meeting between the finance minister and the leader of the opposition party, the newspaper story that forced the finance minister to resign could not have been written. No one witnessed the meeting, however, except the minister' s aide. It is clear, ttherefore, that the finance minister was ultimately brought down, not by any of his powerful political enemies, but by his own trusted aide.", "hypothesis": "The error of reasoning committed by the argument is basing its conclusion on evidence that is almost entirely irrelevant to the point at issue.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9161, "premise": "A unit arranges 6 people on duty on The first day, the second day, the third day of the new year. They are G., H, K, L, P, and S. Two people are required to be on duty every day. The personnel arrangement must meet the following conditions: (1) L and P must be on duty on the same day. (2) G and H cannot be on duty on the same day. (3) If K is on duty in the first day, then G is on duty in the second day. (4) ) If S is on duty in the third day, then H is on duty in the second day.", "hypothesis": "K and S are not on duty on the same day must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3614, "premise": "Mo Yan, a Chinese writer, won the Nobel Prize for Literature for his works such asBreast fat buttocks and frogs. He combined magical realism with folktales, history with contemporary society. After winning the award, his collection of works was snapped up in many domestic cities and became the best-selling book recently, and then began to go out of China and to the world, and was deeply sought after by foreign readers.", "hypothesis": "More and more foreign writers are interested in Chinese culture can be derived from this.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3156, "premise": "A study shows that if the mass of a neutron star exceeds 3.22 times the mass of the sun, neutrons cannot compete with their own gravity, resulting in neutron collapse.", "hypothesis": "The view that collapse is one of the ways for massive neutron stars to achieve new internal equilibrium supports the above inference strongly.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4905, "premise": "I don't know who ate the cake on the table. Here are the answers of the four people in the room. A said, B ate it. B said, d ate it. C said, I didn't eat it. d said, B was lying. only one of the four said the truth,", "hypothesis": "It can be judged from this that C told the truth and A ate it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1933, "premise": "In the development of more than 5000 years of civilization, the Chinese nation has created a broad and profound splendid culture. At present, how to make the cultural relics collected in the forbidden palace, the heritage displayed in the vast land, and the words written in ancient books alive has become a realistic problem that we must face. Just imagine, if traditional culture loses its connection with the times, lacks emotional communication and spiritual understanding with modern people, and only a few people sigh at each other in the study, what's the difference between that and a bunch of scattered symbols and rigid materials? Only by starting from the deep sleep and from the world of the museum building to the great world, can we cultivate more innovative cultural self-confidence with the characteristics of the times.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis in this paragraph is that traditional culture should strengthen its connection with the times.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7404, "premise": "A company held four competitions for swimming, bowling, billiards and table tennis. Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang and Xiao Dai all participated in one of the competitions, and the four people participated in different events. Known: (1) Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang has one person participating in a bowling game; (2) If Xiao Wang participates in a billiards game, Xiao Zhang participates in a bowling game; (3) Only Xiao Li participates in a bowling game, Xiao Wang participates in a billiards game; (4) If Xiao Wang participates in swimming or table tennis competitions, Xiao Dai will not participate in swimming or table tennis competitions.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Dai participates in a billiards game can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5297, "premise": "The principle of exception means that the senior management personnel of the enterprise authorize the general daily affairs to be handled by the subordinate management personnel, and they themselves retain the decision-making and control rights of the exceptions, which are generally important matters.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the principle of exception is that in the accounting system of a company, all items below 500 yuan should be approved by the departmental manager, while those above 500 yuan need the approval of the general manager.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9191, "premise": "Many people think that online love is unreliable. A team at the University of Chicago conducted an online survey of 19000 Americans who married between 2005 and 2012 and found that more than 1/3 met their spouses through dating sites or social networks such as Facebook; the overall divorce rate was much lower than the average. The survey shows that online love is reliable in achieving a stable marriage.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Compared with online love, working contacts, introductions of the friends and attending the same school are more common ways to find a spouse\" most strongly questions the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 565, "premise": "The covariance method of traditional inductive logic means that if only one situation changes in several occasions when the phenomenon under study changes, the only change is the cause or result of the phenomenon under study.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, one of Pierre Curie's colleagues put a small glass containing radium reagent in his underwear pocket for several hours and found that the skin next to the underwear pocket was red, while Curie also did a series of experiments on himself and found the same results. This applies the covariance method.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10591, "premise": "About 3 billion years ago, the Sun was only 80 percent as luminous as it is currently. Such conditions today would result in the freezing of Earth' s oceans, but geological evidence shows that water rather than ice filled the oceans at that time. Heat is trapped within Earth' s atmosphere through the presence of carbon dioxide, which, like methane, is a greenhouse gas.  Only if the level of greenhouse gases were higher 3 billion years ago than it is today would Earth have retained enough heat to keep the oceans from freezing. It is likely, ttherefore, that the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was significantly higher then than it is today.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because the distance from Earth to the Sun has not changed significantly over the last 3 billion years, the increase in the Sun's luminosity has resulted in more radiation reaching Earth' weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1193, "premise": "Rawls once had a confession about how to read, which was quite thought-provoking. He said: When I read previous works, such as Hume or Kant, I take it for granted that these authors are much smarter than me. If not, why should I waste my time and students studying their works? If I occasionally see a mistake in their argument, my first reaction is that they must have seen the mistake and dealt with it. In short, there are absolutely no simple general errors or major errors in their works.", "hypothesis": "Reading requires humility can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 492, "premise": "As a representative of high technology content, intelligence and industrial concentration in the manufacturing industry, the automobile industry has become the first position of industry 4.0 in Germany. If China's automobile manufacturing industry, which has been in the 2.0 industrial thinking for a long time, wants to occupy a place in the world, it is essential to carry out technological innovation and reform and experienced senior talents. And high salary and welfare have become the magic weapon to attract talents.", "hypothesis": "German automobile manufacturing industry plays an important role and influence in the world automobile industry can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1616, "premise": "Microwave oven meets the needs of modern urbanized workers' life and has become a new favorite of the kitchen because of its fast, convenient and clean characteristics. It not only has the functions of steaming, boiling, stewing and stewing, but also maintains the smell of food. In particular, heating leftovers is more suitable for the habits of Chinese people, although some people think it is a waste.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that Microwave oven has a good market prospect in China.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2428, "premise": "A crime research report revealed that 60% of serious criminal cases in a city in the past three years were committed by 350 habitual criminals on record. The report also reveals that more than half of the perpetrators of serious criminal cases are also drug addicts.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertions are true, there may be no drug addicts among the 350 habitual criminals.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8466, "premise": "Employee green behavior refers to a series of behaviors shown by employees in an organization aimed at protecting the ecological environment and reducing the negative impact of personal activities on the natural environment. These behaviors are an important supplement to the formal green management plan of the organization, can improve the efficiency of the green management measures of the organization, and are ultimately conducive to the sustainable development of the environment.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The cleaners of the company often collect the waste plastic bottles in the dustbin and take them home after work\" belongs to employee green behavior according to the definition above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11599, "premise": "Congressman Jones experienced a drop in his approval numbers after announcing that taxes in his district would increase the following year. His office also received a significant number of phone calls decrying this tax raise. Nevertheless, he claims that reactions to the tax increase were unrelated to his drop in voters' approval of him.", "hypothesis": "All elected officials in his area experienced similar drops in approval numbers at the same time if true, most strongly supports Congressman Jones's position.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6043, "premise": "Reverse induction refers to the measures taken by the government, the media and other subjects or publicity activities, in the actual social life not only did not receive the desired effect, but led to a large number of social phenomena with the opposite.", "hypothesis": "Water supply during the hot season is relatively tight, a city water company posted a notice to inform the public that the water will not stop in the near future, resulting in many people in the home to store large quantities of water for backup is reverse-induced as defined above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12514, "premise": "In Europe, schoolchildren devote time during each school day to calisthenics. North American schools rarely offer a daily calisthenics program. Tests prove that North American children are weaker, slower, and shorter-winded than European children. We must conclude that North American children can be made physically fit only if they participate in school calisthenics on a daily basis.", "hypothesis": "School calisthenics are an indispensable factor in European children's superior physical fitness is assumed in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4787, "premise": "According to a recent survey, in recent years, among the high-income groups of foreign enterprises in the city (referring to the legal income of more than 120,000 annual salary), the number of returnees from foreign countries (referred to as returnees) accounted for 60%, which fully shows that the domestic It is extremely difficult for university graduates (referred to as local factions) to obtain high wages in foreign enterprises in the city.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Among foreign-funded enterprises in the city, the number of local factions exceeds 50%' can best reinforce the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11977, "premise": "Most of Earth' s surface is ocean. The ocean floor is inaccessible for extensive research without equipment of greater technological sophistication than is currently available. It must ttherefore be true that scientists know less about the ocean floor environment than about almost any other environment on Earth.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Animals living on the ocean floor must be able to withstand water pressure that is far greater than the atmospheric pressure with which land animals live\" provides the most support for the conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7265, "premise": "People without integrity don't know self-respect, and people who don't know self-respect can't win the respect of others.", "hypothesis": "Those who cannot win the respect of others are those who have no integrity can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10451, "premise": "In the Novel catch-22 by the American writer Joseph Heller,catch-22 stipulates that only if a soldier is mentally abnormal and he or she applies to stop flying, he or she can be allowed to stop flying. According to common sense, if a soldier is aware of the danger of flying and applies to stop flying, it shows that he is clear-headed and his mind cannot be abnormal.", "hypothesis": "The logical inference above is that no one can be allowed to stop flying.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2219, "premise": "The sequelae of digital technology refers to the decline of memory or cognitive ability caused by overuse and dependence on digital products.", "hypothesis": "Ms. Zhang went to a phishing website and was cheated of more than 30000 yuan is a legacy of the sequelae of digital technology.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10739, "premise": "Historian: Megapolis was once administered wisely, with vision and with universal public support. That' s how it became a great city. City council member: Not so. Megapolis' past glory was achieved not because of greater vision, but because power was concentrated in the hands of autocrats and hence more easily exercised.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'whether vision and wisdom are important in urban administration' best captures what is at issue in the dispute between the historian and the city council member.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10699, "premise": "Multiple sclerosis is an autoimmune disease: white blood cells attack the myelin sheath that protects nerve fibers in the spinal cord and brain. Medical science now has a drug that can be used to successfully treat multiple sclerosis, but the path that led medical researchers to this drug was hardly straightforward. Initially, some scientists believed attacks characteristic of multiple sclerosis might be triggered by chronic viral infections. So in 1984 they began testing gamma interferon, one of the body' s own antiviral weapons. To their horror, all the multiple sclerosis patients tested became dramatically worse. The false step proved to be instructive however.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Medical researchers have discovered that the gamma interferon level in the cerebrospinal fluid skyrockets just before and during multiple sclerosis attacks' is least compatible with the results of the gamma interferon experiment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6034, "premise": "Xia Yan, Xiao Jia and Zheng Wei three students to travel together, in order to take pictures convenient, each person is taking the student's camera, back is another classmate's bag.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Jiana is Zheng Wei's camera if the person carrying Zheng Wei's bag is holding Xiao Jia's camera.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 830, "premise": "Administrative system refers to the compulsory punishment measures imposed by the state administrative agencies on administrative offenders in accordance with their administrative responsibilities.", "hypothesis": "An urban management staff forcibly brought an unlicensed hawker to the urban management office and put him under arrest for one day does not belong to the administrative system.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11042, "premise": "Researcher: Dinosaurs lack turbinates -- nasal cavity bone structures in warm-blooded species that minimize water loss during breathing. According to some paleobiologists, this implies that all dinosaurs were cold-blooded. These paleobiologists must be mistaken, however, for fossil records show that some dinosaur species lived in Australia and Alaska, where temperatures drop below freezing. Only warm-blooded animals could survive such temperatures.", "hypothesis": "The claim that only warm-blooded animals could survive temperatures below freezing most accurately describes the role played in the researcher's argument as the argument's main conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4808, "premise": "The physicist Hawking believes: The danger of life on earth being wiped out by a certain disaster is increasing at an unprecedented rate, such as sudden global warming, nuclear war, genetic viruses or other dangers. On this basis, Hawking believes that the earth is getting more and more not suitable for human habitation, and puts forward the viewpoint of space immigration.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The habitable surface area of the earth is too small, and its ability to withstand devastating disasters is poor' can most question Hawking's view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10992, "premise": "Literature professor: Critics charge that the work of C. F. Providence' s best-known follower, S. N. Sauk, lacks aesthetic merit because it employs Providence' s own uniquely potent system of symbolic motifs in the service of a political ideal that Providence -- and, significantly, some of these critics as well -- would reject. Granting that Sauk is more imitator than innovator, and that he maintained political views very different from those Providence maintained, it has yet to be shown that these facts make his writings any less subtly or powerfully crafted than those of his more esteemed mentor. So the critics' argument should be rejected.", "hypothesis": "The literature professor argues that the conclusion drawn by the critics has not really been established, on the grounds that the claims made in support of this conclusion have not been shown to be correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10655, "premise": "Film historians often find it difficult to determine typical audience members' responses to particular films, especially those from the early twentieth century. Box office figures help little, for they indicate only a film' s financial success or failure; they do not show what audiences found funny, or frightening, or moving. These historians also find that newspaper and magazine reviews fail to provide much insight.", "hypothesis": "Film historians do not believe that film reviews in newspapers and magazines reveal typical film audience members' views is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12907, "premise": "People ought to take into account a discipline' s blemished origins when assessing the scientific value of that discipline. Take, for example, chemistry. It must be considered that many of its landmark results were obtained by alchemists -- a group whose superstitions and appeals to magic dominated the early development of chemical theory.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above is most susceptible to criticism because the author fails to consider how chemistry's current theories and practices differ from those of the alchemists mentioned.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2543, "premise": "Mr. Harry must be a senior employee of the company. He always wears a tie to work.", "hypothesis": "The premise that 'Men can't wear ties unless they become senior staff of the company' is the basis for the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12691, "premise": "Activist: Although the environmental bill before the legislature is popular with voters, it will have mainly negative economic consequences if it is passed, especially when we try to lure new businesses to our country. Great leaders have the courage to look beyond popularity to what is sound policy; legislators ought to do the same by not voting for this bill.", "hypothesis": "The activist's argumentation is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it fails to consider whether there are noneconomic reasons for supporting the bill that outweigh the reason given for rejecting it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13254, "premise": "Many people suffer an allergic reaction to sulfites, including those that are commonly added to wine as preservatives. However, since there are several winemakers producing wine to which no sulfites are added, those who would like to drink wine but are allergic to sulfites can drink these wines without risking an allergic reaction to sulfites.", "hypothesis": "Sulfites occur naturally in most wine most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4236, "premise": "The students in our class have achieved excellent results in the past year. Some won awards in the Mathematical Olympiad, some won awards in the English oral competition, and some won awards in dancing. Many girls in our class... The head teacher said at the final summary meeting.", "hypothesis": "There may be no girls who achieved excellent results can be inferred from above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4665, "premise": "Flow operation: it refers to that workers act on the labor objects in sequence according to the operation process to complete a certain amount of work at a certain stage in the production process, so that the production can be carried out in the frontier without interruption.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, purchase of raw materials - processing and production - finished products - sales belongs to flow operation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4932, "premise": "In a quality spot check, the director of a factory asked the leader in charge of quality inspection about the inspection: our factory has always attached great importance to quality, and the products inspected this time are probably qualified? the answer of the quality inspection leader was: your first half sentence may be right, and the second half sentence may be wrong.", "hypothesis": "According to the meaning of the quality inspection leader, it must be true that 'I'm not sure whether we pay attention to quality, but there are unqualified products in your factory this time'.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8167, "premise": "From the perspective of social governance, the occupation of fire passageways is prohibited for many times but still occurs, in addition to such factors as the lack of concept of public safety, lack of awe of life and law of the lawbreaker, inadequate supervision and so on, there are also deep-seated reasons for the difficulty of parking.With the continuous rise of car ownership in China, some residential areas are facing the problem of shortage of parking spaces. This is also the fundamental reason why some places occupy the fire passage repeatedly, and the governance measures can be managed for a while, but can not be managed for a long time. In this regard, to maintain the smooth flow of fire access and effectively solve the parking problem, we should not only manage to prevent, but also guide, which tests the effectiveness and accuracy of grass-roots social governance.", "hypothesis": "A beneficial exploration in alleviating the problem of parking difficulties is most likely to be discussed in this passage next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8801, "premise": "In the 3000-meter final of the World Athletics Championships, among the three A, B and C who always ran at the front, one was an American player, one was a German player, and the other was a Kenyan player. After the race, we learned that: (1) A's performance was better than that of the German player; (2) the Kenyan player's performance was worse than that of B; (3) C praised the Kenyan player for his outstanding performance.", "hypothesis": "A-Kenyan player, B-American player and C-German player must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11550, "premise": "Consumer advocate: Even if one can of fruit or vegetables weighs more than another, the heavier can does not necessarily contain more food. Canned fruits and vegetables are typically packed in water, which can make up more than half the total weight of the can' s contents. And nothing stops unscrupulous canning companies from including more water per can than others include.", "hypothesis": "The heavier of two cans of fruit or vegetables does not necessarily contain more food than the lighter of the two cans contains is the conclusion drawn in the consumer advocate's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5158, "premise": "People's life is short and unpredictable. When science cannot relieve people's great suffering, it is cruel to deprive them of the power to obtain comfort through faith. Those who cannot withstand the burden of science can be unconstrainedly ignore the maxims of science.", "hypothesis": "With the progress and development of science, religious beliefs will surely be replaced by scientific and rational thinking can be derived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13611, "premise": "The greater the number of people who regularly use a product, the greater the number whose health is potentially at risk due to that product. More people regularly use household maintenance products such as cleaning agents and lawn chemicals than regularly use prescription medicines. Ttherefore, it is even more important for such household products to be carefully tested to ensure their safety than it is for prescription medicines to be so tested.", "hypothesis": "The principle that it is generally more important for a medicine than it is for a nonmedical product to be carefully tested to ensure its safety unless more people's health would be at risk from the nonmedical product than from the medicine, if valid, most helps to justify drawing the conclusion in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6491, "premise": "As a large system, human society includes three systems: economy, politics and culture, in which the economic system provides material benefits for the society and optimizes the allocation of resources; the political system provides the legal system, order and justice for the society; the cultural system provides spiritual motivation and moral cohesion for the social production and dissemination of knowledge. The three are intertwined and indispensable.", "hypothesis": "The economic system can not operate independently without the cultural system can be inferred from this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 573, "premise": "Babe's Law is a social psychological effect, which refers to when a person experiences strong stimulation, then the stimulation to him or her becomes insignificant, in terms of psychological feelings, the first stimulation can dilute the second small stimulation.", "hypothesis": "Four-year-old Meng Meng began to learn a foreign language after reading common Chinese characters is consistent with Babe's law according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6508, "premise": "China's state drug administration stipulates that the chemical and common names of drugs are formulated by the State Pharmacopoeia and the drug administration, but the trade names are designated by manufacturers. It is this latter regulation that creates conditions for the renaming and naming of many drugs. In China, there are more than 200 kinds of commonly used drugs with multiple names in recent years, of which 4 names account for 20%, 5 names account for 25%, 7 names account for 15%, and 15% of drugs have more than 10 names. some drugs have more than 20 names, and the most have more than 40 names. All these drugs with multiple names are veritable change soup without changing medicine. The basic content remains the same, but the packaging or individual ingredients change and the curative effect is exactly the same.", "hypothesis": "The efficacy of drugs with multiple names is exactly the same is intended to be explained in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10945, "premise": "In a national park located on an island, a herd of moose was increasing in number and threatening to destroy species of native plants. Wolves were introduced to the island to reduce the herd and thereby prevent destruction of the vegetation. Although the wolves prospered, the moose herd continued to grow.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Attempts to control moose populations in other national parks by introducing predators have also been unsuccessful' most helps to explain the failure of the strategy involving wolves.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5817, "premise": "Natural unemployment is unemployment caused by some insurmountable reasons in the economy. It is unemployment that is inevitable in any economy, and it is also normal unemployment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, being fired from a company for violating labor discipline is not natural unemployment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14531, "premise": "Speaker: Contemporary business firms need to recognize that avoiding social responsibility leads to the gradual erosion of power. This is Davis and Blomstrom' s Iron Law of Responsibility: In the long run, those who do not use power in a manner which society considers responsible will tend to lose it.  The law' s application to human institutions certainly stands confirmed by history. Though the long run may require decades or even centuries in some instances, society ultimately acts to reduce power when society thinks it is not being used responsibly. Ttherefore, a business that wishes to retain its power as long as it can must act responsibly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The power of some institutions erodes more slowly than the power of others, whether they are socially responsible or not' most weakens the speaker's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2428, "premise": "A crime research report revealed that 60% of serious criminal cases in a city in the past three years were committed by 350 habitual criminals on record. The report also reveals that more than half of the perpetrators of serious criminal cases are also drug addicts.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertions are true, there may be no drug addicts among the 350 habitual criminals.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12287, "premise": "To reduce the mosquito population in a resort area, hundreds of trees were planted that bear fruit attractive to birds. Over the years, as the trees matured, they attracted a variety of bird species and greatly increased the summer bird population in the area. As expected, the birds ate many mosquitoes. However, the planting of the fruit trees had the very opposite of its intended effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The birds attracted to the area by the trees ate many more insects that prey on mosquitoes than they did mosquitoes\" most helps to explain the apparently paradoxical result.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14565, "premise": "Our computer experts are asked from time to time to allocate funds for new hardware and software for our company. Unfortunately, these experts favor cutting-edge technologies, because that is what excites them, despite the fact that such experimental technologies are highly expensive, full of undiscovered bugs, and thus are not the most profitable investments.", "hypothesis": "When supermarkets choose foods, they choose the kinds that can be sold for the most profit, not the kinds of foods that are the most healthful for consumers conforms most closely to the principle illustrated by the situation described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8411, "premise": "Compared with other energy crops that can effectively replace fossil fuels, the ability of algae to produce oil is very outstanding. In order to increase the yield of algae fuel, some researchers are committed to the development of genetically modified algae. However, opponents believe that the proliferation of genetically modified algae will produce toxins and deplete the oxygen in the water, resulting in the death of a large number of other organisms in the water, which will seriously damage the ecological balance.", "hypothesis": "In the past 20 years, there have been several outflows of genetically modified algae cultivated in the laboratory, which have never caused serious consequences to the natural environment will most weaken the concerns of opponents.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14438, "premise": "New types of washing machines designed to consume less energy also extract less water from laundry during their final spin cycles than do washing machines that consume somewhat more energy. The wetter the laundry, the more energy required to dry it in an automatic dryer. Thus using these new types of washing machines could result in an overall increase in the energy needed to wash and dry a load of laundry.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most parallel to the argument that pine is a less expensive wood than cedar but is more susceptible to rot, outdoor furniture made from wood susceptible to rot must be painted with more expensive paint, therefore building outdoor furniture from pine rather than cedar could increase the total cost of building and painting the furniture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3565, "premise": "Explicit cost: refers to the actual expenditure of the manufacturer to purchase or rent the production factors needed in the production factor market, that is, the monetary amount that the company pays to the owner of economic resources outside the company. For example, the production costs paid, wage costs, marketing Expenses, etc., so it is a tangible cost.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, enterprise's factory buildings worth 10,000 yuan per square meter are not explicit costs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 522, "premise": "With the escalation of the situation in the Middle East, the price of crude oil in the international oil market has risen sharply. However, many economic analysts are optimistic that oil prices cannot continue to rise unless there is a sudden increase in demand or a collective boycott by the oil producing countries in the Middle East. If the oil producing countries in the Middle East do not unanimously take oil embargo or other similar actions, the demand for oil in the international market will not increase sharply.", "hypothesis": "The situation in the Middle East has further deteriorated can be inferred according to the above description.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10698, "premise": "Certain politicians in the country of Birangi argue that a 50 percent tax on new automobiles would halt the rapid increase of automobiles on Birangi' s roads and thereby slow the deterioration of Birangi' s air quality. Although most experts agree that such a tax would result in fewer Birangians buying new vehicles and gradually reduce the number of automobiles on Birangi' s roads, they contend that it would have little impact on Birangi' s air-quality problem.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The scrapping of automobiles causes insignificant amounts of air pollution' would most strongly support the experts' contention about the effect of the proposed automobile tax on Birangi's air-quality problem.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8989, "premise": "The rebels of country A kidnapped 23 citizens of State H who were working in country An as hostages, demanding that the government release the detained members of the armed group. If the government of country A does not comply with the demands of the rebels, the organization will kill the hostages; if the hostages are killed, it will deter most countries that provide aid to country A. If the government of country A agrees to the demands of the rebels, the organization will take this as a successful case and continue to replicate kidnappings.", "hypothesis": "If most of the countries that assist country A continue to send personnel to country A, the kidnapping will occur again can be deduced from the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4053, "premise": "The statistics department pointed out that although the educational burden of rural families has been greatly reduced with the popularization of rural compulsory education, with the change of Contemporary Farmers' concept, their understanding and consumption level of education have been continuously improved. It is expected that the proportion of education expenditure in the total expenditure of rural families will be further improved in the future.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The total expenditure of rural households will increase in the future\" best supports the view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7999, "premise": "The experience of a certain company fully shows that a successful marketing operation not only depends on a special marketing department, but also requires excellent products, sophisticated market research, and professional business departments and public relations departments,good at analysis of the financial department and logistics and other departments of full cooperation and support. If the marketing department is strong and other departments are weak, or the marketing department is not in harmony with other departments, or the company is unable to integrate effectively, the marketing operation will not be carried out smoothly and effectively, and it will be difficult to exert its due power.", "hypothesis": "The main emphasis of the text is that successful marketing operations can bring huge economic benefits to enterprises.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11034, "premise": "Dogs learn best when they are trained using both voice commands and hand signals. After all, a recent study shows that dogs who were trained using both voice commands and hand signals were twice as likely to obey as were dogs who were trained using only voice commands.", "hypothesis": "The claim that dogs learn best when they are trained using both voice commands and hand signals is an intermediate conclusion that is offered as direct support for the argument's main conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3865, "premise": "Underwater cultural heritage refers to all cultural, historical or archaeological remains of human existence partially or wholly located underwater, periodically or continuously, for at least 100 years.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the Chinese merchant ship Taixing, which sank between Sumatra and Java during the Daoguang period, belongs to underwater cultural heritage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9578, "premise": "The common people's lecturer means that grass-roots units select ordinary people to publicize the principles and policies of the party and the government in a form that they like to hear and see.", "hypothesis": "After retiring, Mr. Zhu walked the streets for a long time to publicize the principle of changing customs and revitalizing the countryside, and was awarded the title of rural cultural celebrity by the township government belongs to the common people's lecturer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1269, "premise": "The spirit of craftsmanship is based on ingenuity. Whether there is a craftsman spirit or not, the key is to see if there is an ingenuity that is content with obscurity and persistent in the pursuit of excellence. To cultivate ingenuity, you must stick to your original intention, persist in concentration, uphold the heart of a child, abandon impetuous noise, sit still in your post, and do a good job. How can we sit still and do a good job? The key is to concentrate, pursue the best, and maximize every detail of the product.", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that to cultivate ingenuity needs a good social and cultural environment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11571, "premise": "A graduate degree in policymaking is necessary to serve in the presidential cabinet. In addition, every member of the cabinet must pass a security clearance. No person with a felony can pass a security clearance. Rick holds a graduate degree in policymaking, but he has a conviction for driving under the influence. Ttherefore, Rick cannot serve in the cabinet.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that Rick's conviction for drunk driving calls his character in question enables the argument's conclusion to be logically drawn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3635, "premise": "All the water lilies bloom at night, and this lotus blossoms during the day, so this lotus is not a water lily.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'All taxpayers have savings, and this girl has savings, so this girl is a taxpayer' is very similar to the formal structure of the above reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9567, "premise": "A newly opened north-south highway with six tunnels in the middle: Changchuan Tunnel, Damei Tunnel, Qingshan Peak Tunnel, Green Water Tunnel, Caishi Tunnel and Baiyu Tunnel. It is known that: (1) Baiyu Tunnel is in the north of Caishi Tunnel and is adjacent to Caishi Tunnel. Baiyu Tunnel is located in the south of Damei Tunnel but not adjacent to it. (2) there is a tunnel between Changchuan Tunnel and Qingshan Tunnel.", "hypothesis": "The Damei Tunnel is in the second place from north to south must be true if the Green Water Tunnel is adjacent to the Baiyu Tunnel.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2504, "premise": "A says B is fat, B says C is fat, and C and D both say they are not fat.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the four statements is wrong, then B must be fat.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11420, "premise": "Companies that offer employer sponsored insurance (ESI) pay a portion of employees' health care costs. In the manufacturing sector last year, companies that offered ESI had worker absentee rates 22% lower, on average, than those at companies that did not offer ESI.", "hypothesis": "Results similar to those cited for the manufacturing sector have been found in other sectors of the economy where ESI is offered would most seriously weaken the argument that ESI decreases worker absenteeism, based on the evidence above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5134, "premise": "A, B, and C work in Beijing, Nanjing and Chengdu. Their professions are doctors, actors and teachers. It is known that A does not work in Beijing; B does not work in Nanjing; the one who works in Beijing is not a teacher; the one who works in Nanjing is a doctor; B is not an actor.", "hypothesis": "A, B and C work in Chengdu, Nanjing and Beijing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4310, "premise": "Loss of inheritance rights refers to the heir's disqualification of inheritance due to certain crimes or other illegal acts against the decedent or other heirs.", "hypothesis": "In ordinary small talks, Xiao Zhang mentioned that he is not willing to inherit the inheritance left by his father will not lead to the loss of inheritance rights according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7752, "premise": "Intermediary sequelae refers to the phenomenon that after users accept the services of an intermediary agency, their personal information is leaked to other agencies and they are harassed for a long time.", "hypothesis": "The sequelae of intermediary is that when Lao Wang registered for medical treatment, he met Ding who claimed to know a famous doctor. After seeing the famous doctor recommended by Ding, his condition did not improve, so he stopped paying attention to Ding and stopped receiving harassing calls from Ding.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6094, "premise": "In translation, literal translation focuses on the faithfulness to the original text, while free translation focuses on the smoothness of the tone of the translation. People hold their own opinions on which translation method is the most appropriate. In my opinion, the difference between literal translation and free translation should not exist at all. A faithful translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible. Thoughts, feelings and language are consistent and change with each other. There is only one accurate statement for a meaning, another statement, Therefore, if you want to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible, you must try to maintain the sentence organization of the original text. Therefore, literal translation cannot be free translation, and free translation cannot be literal translation.", "hypothesis": "In this passage, the author believes that faithfulness to the original idea is the highest art of translation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1526, "premise": "Sincerity is always like a mirror. When you sincerely face the public, the public will certainly read your sincerity. Even if you have mistakes and mistakes you don't find, it may be an intellectual problem, or the existing behavior mode and intellectual structure can't be avoided, and the public will forgive you.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this sentence is that sincerity is a mirror.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1819, "premise": "For a long time, because China pursues a defensive national defense policy, the division of war zone space is basically based on local and offshore defense according to the border guard model.The tentacles of military strategists seldom extend beyond the territory, but the development crisis facing our country in the future will be far greater than the survival crisis. In order to meet the new requirements of safeguarding national security and development interests, we should bring the surrounding overseas and new security areas into the scope of the war zone strategy and further expand the theater mission functions.Don't be more outward-oriented and open-minded! In particular, with the development of multipolarization globalization and informatization, the traditional national security field has expanded to space network information electromagnetism and other fields. In the future, the strategic scope of the war zone should be further extended to space, that is, near space, so as to form a strong multi-dimensional three-dimensional war zone space situation.", "hypothesis": "The practice of our country that this paragraph is intended to indicate is the traditional security field is facing new challenges.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9602, "premise": "The academy is a unique form of culture and education in Chinese history. In the more than one thousand years of history process of the development of the academy, it is not only a symbol of Chinese culture, but also a window for Chinese culture to spread abroad. The name of the academy began in the Tang Dynasty, and it gradually evolved from the earliest institution of repairing and collecting books to a place with the function of teaching and research. The system of the academy continued to develop, grow and mature in the Song Dynasty. The Qing Dynasty was the heyday of the development of the academy, no matter in the remote areas or in the border towns. Not only that, the academy went abroad with Confucianism, took root, sprouted and flourished on the Korean Peninsula, and played an irreplaceable role in the spread of Chinese culture.", "hypothesis": "The main description of this passage is the functions of the educational and cultural communication carried by the academy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14776, "premise": "For the past 13 years, high school guidance counselors nationwide have implemented an aggressive program to convince high school students to select careers requiring college degrees. The government reported that the percentage of last year' s high school graduates who went on to college was 15 percent greater than the percentage of those who graduated 10 years ago and did so. The counselors concluded from this report that the program had been successful.", "hypothesis": "The guidance counselors' reasoning depends on the assumption that any college courses that the graduates take will improve their career prospects.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14666, "premise": "There is no reason why the work of scientists has to be officially confirmed before being published. There is a system in place for the confirmation or disconfirmation of scientific findings, namely, the replication of results by other scientists. Poor scientific work on the part of any one scientist, which can include anything from careless reporting practices to fraud, is not harmful. It will be exposed and rendered harmless when other scientists conduct the experiments and obtain disconfirmatory results.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that \"Most scientists are under pressure to make their work accessible to the scrutiny of replication\" would weaken the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1051, "premise": "Since 2002, China's divorce rate has been rising all the way. Experts say that the reason for the rise of China's divorce rate cannot be simply explained as the bad social atmosphere. On the one hand, it is related to the low level of the original overall divorce rate. On the other hand, it is also related to the changes in all aspects of Chinese society, public opinion environment and social ideas.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"the reasons for the rise of divorce rate in China are actually very complex. In addition to the influence of social atmosphere, it also involves people's emotional factors\" best supports the expert's view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13403, "premise": "NowNews, although still the most popular magazine covering cultural events in Kalopolis, has recently suffered a significant drop in advertising revenue because of falling circulation. Many readers have begun buying a competing magazine that, at 50 cents per copy, costs less than NowNews at $1. 50 per copy. In order to boost circulation and thus increase advertising revenue, NowNews's publisher has proposed making it available at no charge, but this proposal has a serious drawback, since __.", "hypothesis": "One reason NowNews's circulation fell was that its competitor's reporting on cultural events was superior most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3338, "premise": "Factory director: the adoption of the new process flow can greatly reduce the sulfur dioxide produced by the copper smelting workshop. The key point of this new process is to replace the original open furnace with a closed furnace. However, not only does it cost a lot to purchase and install new equipment, but also the cost of operating the new process is higher than the current process. Therefore, on the whole, the adoption of the new process flow will greatly increase the production cost and make the plant unprofitable. Chief engineer: I have different opinions. In fact, the smelting capacity of the latest closed furnace is unmatched by the existing open furnace.", "hypothesis": "The chief engineer and the factory director are most likely to disagree on whether the adoption of new process flow will make the factory unprofitable.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3443, "premise": "It should be noted that a few people rely on consciousness and most people rely on policy. If various social problems are attributed to the lack of conscience, there is a suspicion of logic inversion and cognitive dislocation. Many problems are the lack of law leading to the lack of morality, not the opposite. If the supervision and punishment mechanism can be strictly implemented, the poisoning impulse of food producers can be effectively restrained: if the system is sound, good people will bleed and no longer cry, The innate conscience hidden in the hearts of the people can be transformed into practical acts of bravery.", "hypothesis": "Only with a sound system can there be no social problems can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3545, "premise": "Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structure level imitates the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain. Among them, the structure level imitates the brain refers to the analysis of the brain as a material and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (Various types of neurons and nerve synapses, etc.) each The function and connection relationship network structure; device-level approach to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and nerve synapses, so as to construct a human brain-scale neural network system under limited physical space and power consumption;the intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information stimulation, training and learning of the brain-like computer to make it produce intelligence similar to the human brain.", "hypothesis": "Adjusting the synaptic connection relationship and connection frequency and strength of the neural network belongs to the intelligence level surpassing the brain according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5950, "premise": "With the improvement of material life, people's spiritual pursuits have become more abundant, and the land of China has developed a collection craze. However, due to the excessive utilitarianism, the collection craze is somewhat impetuous, and it lacks a cultural soul. Recently, Beijing Several appreciation of treasures activities have been held. Experts are invited to appraise private collections. There are a lot of people who come with treasures, and very few of them can find genuine products; some people spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy collections that are fakes. .", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Collection needs to be properly guided' can be derived from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2931, "premise": "A university sports meeting is about to be held, the school of Economics and Management plans to form a representative team of 12 people to participate in the competition, the players will be selected from the students of 4 grades of the college. College regulations: each grade must choose one or two of the five events in long-distance running, sprint, high jump, long jump, shot put to participate in the competition, the rest of the events can be arbitrary choice; If a grade chooses to run, it cannot choose to sprint or jump; If a grade chooses the long jump, can not choose to run or shot put; Each team member participates in only one event. The number of players selected for the representative team varies from grade to grade. The number of players in two grades multiplied by the number of players in the other grade", "hypothesis": "If a grade does not have the smallest number of team members and chooses to run long distances, then choosing the long run or the high jump is not possible for that grade.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2434, "premise": "Xiao Zhang asked Xiao Li to go to the mall the next day. Xiao Li said, if it doesn't rain tomorrow, I'll climb the mountain. The next day, it began to drizzle. Xiao Zhang thought Xiao Li would not climb the mountain, so he went to Xiao Li's dormitory to find him and learned that Xiao Li still went to climb the mountain. When the two met again, Xiao Zhang blamed Xiao Li for breaking his promise and saying why he went climbing when it was raining. Xiao Li said that he had not broken his promise and  Xiao Zhang's inference was illogical.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang's inference is illogical is an appropriate option for the argument between the two people.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9191, "premise": "Many people think that online love is unreliable. A team at the University of Chicago conducted an online survey of 19000 Americans who married between 2005 and 2012 and found that more than 1/3 met their spouses through dating sites or social networks such as Facebook; the overall divorce rate was much lower than the average. The survey shows that online love is reliable in achieving a stable marriage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The subjects were married for a short time' most strongly questions the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10320, "premise": "There are seven recruits in a university: F, G, H, I, W, X and Y, of which one is a signal soldier, three are engineers, and the other three are transport soldiers. The conditions for the distribution of arms for recruits are as follows: H and Y must be assigned to the same arms. F and G cannot be assigned to the same arms. If X is assigned as a transport soldier, W is assigned as an engineer. F was assigned to be an engineer.", "hypothesis": "The recruits H and W cannot be assigned as transporters together.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 565, "premise": "The covariance method of traditional inductive logic means that if only one situation changes in several occasions when the phenomenon under study changes, the only change is the cause or result of the phenomenon under study.", "hypothesis": "In 1917, American physiologist Jacob and others found that when other conditions remain unchanged and the temperature changes normally, the life span of fruit flies can be doubled for every 8  degree decrease in temperature. It can be concluded that the life span of fruit flies is related to temperature applies the covariance method according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3465, "premise": "Researchers have introduced specific genes into crops through genetic engineering technology, so that they can encode and synthesize Bt toxic protein, which can kill invasive pests. Transgenic Bt cotton is widely planted in a place, which effectively controls the harm of cotton bollworm, but at the same time, another pest, blind Toona sinensis, is rampant. Therefore, the researchers believe that the proliferation of blind Toona sinensis is not caused by transgenic Bt cotton, But because the local climate is more suitable for the growth of blind Ailanthus sinensis.", "hypothesis": "After large-scale planting of transgenic Bt cotton, the number and dosage of pesticide spraying decreased significantly due to the cotton resistance to cotton bollworm, which indirectly led to the survival space of blind Toona sinensis population weakens the researcher's point of view most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4319, "premise": "On the surface, college graduates in 1982 are similar to college graduates in 1964. They are quite conservative: they are well dressed and interested in tradition and respect their parents. But there is a deep-rooted difference: most of the 1982 surveyed college graduates declared that getting a good income in their freshman year was an important reason for their decision to go to college.", "hypothesis": "Less than half of the 1964 college graduates in their freshman year declared that they went to college to increase their income is the conclusion most supported by the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5788, "premise": "A taxpayer of personal income tax is an individual who has a residence or no residence in China and has lived in the territory for one year and obtains income from within or outside China.Living in China without a residence and without a residence for less than one year. An individual who obtains income from the territory of China.", "hypothesis": "Gao Hong, a Chinese-American, still pays her wages for working in the United States within two months of returning home to visit her family is not a taxpayer of personal income tax in China according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13589, "premise": "Art Historian: Robbins cannot pass judgment on Stuart' s art. While Robbins understands the art of Stuart too well to dismiss it, she does not understand it well enough to praise it.", "hypothesis": "The art historian's argument depends on the assumption that in order to pass judgment on Stuart's art, Robbins must be able either to dismiss it or to praise it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4034, "premise": "The unilateral administrative behavior refers to the behavior of administrative subject to use administrative power in order to achieve administrative purposes.The administrative actions of both parties refer to the act of the administrative subject and the equality of the other party.", "hypothesis": "The National Tourism Administration released a summer holiday travel guide and tips is an administrative act of both parties according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4052, "premise": "Singing and dancing is a common phenomenon among all human nations and tribes. Its great advantage effect is to enable people to maintain unity, solve various internal disputes and defend their territory more effectively.", "hypothesis": "Singing and dancing can make all participants gradually forget their contradictions with others and live in peace is the premise of the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4097, "premise": "Generally speaking, plastic is extremely difficult to decompose, and even small fragments are difficult to be degraded by the ecosystem, so the environmental damage it causes is very serious. Recently, scientists have discovered that an insect called wax worm can degrade polyethylene , And the speed is extremely fast. If we use biotechnology to replicate wax worms to degrade polyethylene, it will be able to help us effectively clean up plastic waste accumulated in landfill plants and the ocean.", "hypothesis": "The impact of polyethylene degraded by wax worms on the environment is still unclear cannot support the above discussion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14854, "premise": "The average normal infant born in the United States weighs between 12 and 14 pounds at the age of three months. Ttherefore, if a three-month-old child weighs only 10 pounds, its weight gain has been below the United States average.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is possible for a normal child to weigh 10 pounds at birth' indicates a flaw in the reasoning above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3494, "premise": "Substitution effect: When the price of an item rises, consumers tend to substitute other items for the item that has become expensive, so as to obtain satisfaction at the cheapest price.", "hypothesis": "The price of hemp raw material in a textile factory has risen, and it is produced by cheaper cotton is not a substitution effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13916, "premise": "If one has evidence that an act will benefit other people and performs that act to benefit them, then one will generally succeed in benefiting them.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A country's leaders realized that fostering diplomatic ties with antagonistic nations reduces the chances of war with those nations. Because those leaders worried that war would harm their chances of being reelected, they engaged in diplomatic discussions with a hostile country, and the two countries avoided a confrontation' best illustrates the proposition above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 183, "premise": "After using various conventional advertising and promotion methods, the online sales revenue of an e-commerce company did not improve as expected. For this reason, the management hired professionals to conduct market analysis. The analysis report proposed that the people who have activated the mobile payment (usually refers to the people who use smartphones to pay for the goods or services they consume)  function are the real potential customer groups of the e-commerce. Therefore, the management decided to cooperate with a large commercial bank to carry out publicity and promotion among the newly opened mobile payment functions. But after a month, the effect was not satisfactory, and the online sales revenue did not increase significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Online shopping is more popular among white-collar workers, but they also hope that e-commerce can provide some distinctive services' can best explain the above result.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11195, "premise": "The more sunlight our planet reflects back into space, the cooler the global atmosphere tends to become. Snow and ice reflect much more sunlight back into space than do ocean water or land without snow cover. Ttherefore, the greater the area of Earth' s surface that is covered with snow and ice, the cooler, on average, the global atmosphere is likely to become.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Ocean water and land heated by sunlight in turn warm Earth's atmosphere' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7590, "premise": "The market economy has had a major impact on university education. The so-called unpopular majors and hot majors have emerged. The number of applicants is very different, which has seriously affected the normal education and academic research of universities.", "hypothesis": "While adapting to the market economy, university education must adhere to the correct direction of education and research is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10624, "premise": "Internet users justifiably fear identity fraud and other online crimes. The attribute that most Internet crimes have in common is anonymity. Criminals hide behind screen names when perpetrating their crimes and feel safe from apprehension and punishment in doing so because other Internet users cannot learn their true identities, and jurisdictional and budget issues make it difficult for law enforcement agencies to enforce existing laws. Clearly, the only way to reduce such crime in the future is to create a system that requires Internet users to provide their true identities and full contact information in a way that is visible to all other users.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to the statement: When surveyed in prison, the majority of convicted violent criminals report that they have made decisions during their criminal careers to avoid at least one potential victim because of fears that the potential victim might be armed. Even when the criminals themselves are armed, they tend to prefer unarmed victims. Add to this the fact that statistics reveal that complete bans on private weapons in some jurisdictions have failed to eliminate violent crime and the fact that many jurisdictions with a high proportion of private weapon ownership enjoy a very low crime rate, and one may conclude that public policy should favor the private ownership of weapons.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2868, "premise": "A new batch of liberal arts books were purchased by the library of a school. For the convenience of readers, the management staff made the following tips on the placement of these books in the new liberal arts book reading room: (1) The first three rows of bookcases have new philosophy books; (2) The new law books are all placed in the first three rows of bookcases.The left side of this row of bookcases also contains new economic books; (3) The new management books are placed in the last row of bookcases. In fact. All books are placed in accordance with the above tips. According to the prompt, Xu Li successfully found the new book she wanted to read.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, Xu Li finding a new law book in the sixth row of bookcases is impossible.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10550, "premise": "In the pre-primary comprehensive ability test for 6-year-old children, the average score was 58 for the children who attended A preschool all day for 9 months, and the average score was 52 for the 9 months who attended the A preschool only in the morning, and only in the afternoon. The average score of 9 months in preschool A is 51; the average score of 9 months in preschool B is 54; and those 6-year-olds from low-income families who have not attended preschool, before entering the same primary school The average score in the comprehensive ability test is 32. Statistically, the difference between 32 points and the other scores mentioned above is significant.", "hypothesis": "The most reasonable hypothetical conclusion that can be drawn from the data given above is that there should be more financial support for children under 6 years old going to preschool.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10977, "premise": "If there is an election, you can either vote or not. If you vote, you have the satisfaction of knowing you influenced the results of the election; if you do not vote, you have no right to complain about the results. So, following an election, either you will have the satisfaction of knowing you influenced its results or you will have no right to complain.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument above most closely resembles the statement: 'If you attend school, you will find the courses stimulating or you will not. If your teachers are motivated, you will find the courses stimulating. If your teachers are not motivated, you will not. So either your teachers are motivated, or their courses are not stimulating.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6586, "premise": "Mass media is mainly carried out through newspapers, television, radio and other platforms. Interpersonal communication refers to holding forums, public open days and other activities to achieve communication between people. New media combines the advantages of mass media and interpersonal communication and has both extensiveness and accuracy. It can not only face millions or even tens of millions of audiences at the same time, but also realize one-to-one communication between communicators and audiences. The audience is not only the target object of communication, but also the main body of communication, which can help us to achieve secondary or even multiple re-communication.", "hypothesis": "The audience of new media has changed from the target object of communication to the subject of communication has an inaccurate understanding of new media according to the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13885, "premise": "The new heart scans offer patients significant benefits. They can be completed in a fraction of the time required for an angiogram, with no recovery time necessary. Furthermore, the scans are more sensitive and can identify problem areas that an angiogram might not perceive. However, heart scans use more radiation than most diagnostic procedures, and can cause undue concern over and treatment for the harmless abnormalities often picked up by such sensitive technology.", "hypothesis": "A heart scan could result in indirect harm by causing a patient to undergo unnecessary procedures is the conclusion that is best supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6900, "premise": "Traditional Chinese concepts believe that traditional Chinese medicine is a vague concept, and the planting conditions of medicinal materials are different, and there are differences in quality and efficacy. But in fact, some parameters of Chinese medicine can be considered to be controlled. Take Ginkgo yellow produced in Germany as an example, although the raw materials Ginkgo is also collected from all parts of China, and the raw materials themselves are different, but after the German technology is extracted, the product quality is ultimately uniform. This also means that the later production and processing technology has a certain buffer effect on the differences in the raw materials themselves.", "hypothesis": "The quality of medicinal materials after German technology extraction is better is the text intended to illustrate.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4252, "premise": "The crime of producing and selling toxic and harmful food refers to the act of mixing toxic or harmful non-food raw materials into the food produced or sold, or selling food that is known to be mixed with toxic or harmful non-food raw materials.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a food factory adding excessive edible pigment to a rainbow candy produced, which could be harmful to human health when eaten for a long term, constitutes the crime of producing and selling toxic or harmful food.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13657, "premise": "Outsourcing is the practice of obtaining from an independent supplier a product or service that a company has previously provided for itself. Since a company's chief objective is to realize the highest possible year-end profits, any product or service that can be obtained from an independent supplier for less than it would cost the company to provide the product or service on its own should be outsourced.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Certain tasks, such as processing a company's payroll, are commonly outsourced, whereas others, such as handling the company's core business, are not\" most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2040, "premise": "There is a sentence in the award message of the annual Top Ten people moving China event held by CCTV: Young people like the wind, he continues to surpass and never give up, which represents an accelerating nation. Dressed in the national flag, he stood in front of the world with a leap. ", "hypothesis": "The charm of Liu Xiangzhi in a leap is just right to show it is used to explain the extreme metaphor that young people like the wind in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15029, "premise": "Nutritionist: The healthiest soups all contain spinach and various other vegetables. Few vegetable soups are thought to be rich in nutrients. The lower the nutritional benefit of a food, the less healthy it is. No vegetable soup that does not contain spinach then should be considered healthy.", "hypothesis": "It would be most relevant to investigate if spinach is the only high-nutrient vegetable that is used in soup in evaluating the conclusion of the nutritionist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12915, "premise": "A bodybuilder needs to win a regional contest before competing in the national championship. Arnold just won the West Coast regional contest, so he is eligible to compete in the national championship. The last five winners of the West Coast regional contest have all won the national championship. Arnold' s trainer has worked with the last three national champions, and he believes Arnold will win the national championship this year. Thus, Arnold will win the national championship.", "hypothesis": "The argument above is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it confuses a necessary and sufficient condition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9793, "premise": "The orange-bellied prairie vole practices monogamy, which is extremely rare in the animal world. The researchers first examined the communication between the medial prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens in female voles (the two regions are anatomically connected, and the nucleus accumbens plays a key role in the brain's reward system). The female voles were then asked to meet with male voles, and the intensity of communication between the two brain regions was continuously measured during the meeting. They found that voles with higher levels of communication in their brain regions were more likely to quickly establish intimate relationships with their partners. As a result, they believe that the activation of the loop between the two brain regions can directly affect the production of animal love.", "hypothesis": "The researchers' findings that female voles were more likely to be intimate with male voles they had seen the day before than with strange male voles can best support their views.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10797, "premise": "Radio airplay restrictions are nationally imposed regulations. The City Club has compiled a guide to all nationally imposed regulations except those related to taxation or to labor law. Radio airplay restrictions are related neither to taxation nor to labor law, so the City Club' s guide covers radio airplay restrictions.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning exhibited by the argument 'Coreopsis is a perennial. The Garden Club awards a prize each year for each perennial except those that are shrubs or not native to North America. Coreopsis is native to North America and is not a shrub. So the Garden Club awards a prize each year for coreopsis' is similar to the reasoning exhibited by the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8447, "premise": "\u2460Language is a symbol system, and the symbol system of each language bears the imprint of culture, which is the result of the collective cognition of the language community, and is the carrier of culture, which is the body of language. \u2461Language and Culture is one with two sides, and no one can completely separate language and culture. This is determined by the attributes of language. \u2462Therefore, there is no need to highlight cultural communication in international Chinese education, because learning a language is impossible without involving this kind of language. The cultural content carried by language is self-evident .\u2463the values of people and social groups who use this language implicit in language, and such values are often unaware of. \u2464 language is also thinking Tools and communication tools. When we use a language to think and communicate, it is impossible not to be influenced by this language. This is like the use of a language.", "hypothesis": "The correct word order of the five sentences, if rearranged, is \u2463\u2461\u2460\u2464\u2462.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10352, "premise": "Among the pilots who joined the state-run airlines more than a decade ago, those who later transferred to private airlines now usually earn more than one million yuan a year, while those who remain in state-run airlines generally earn no more than 600000 yuan a year. These figures show that pilots at state-run airlines are underpaid.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis required by the above conclusion is that the annual mileage flown by pilots of private airlines and pilots of state-run airlines is roughly the same.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13006, "premise": "In the past the country of Malvernia has relied heavily on imported oil. Malvernia recently implemented a program to convert heating systems from oil to natural gas. Malvernia currently produces more natural gas each year than it uses, and oil production in Malvernian oil fields is increasing at a steady pace. If these trends in fuel production and usage continue, ttherefore, Malvernian reliance on foreign sources for fuel is likely to decline soon.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to establish whether Malvernia is among the countries that rely most on imported oil in evaluating the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7215, "premise": "Students in key middle schools generally do better than those in non key middle schools. Li Ming ranked the first of the class in college, so he studied in key middle schools in high school.", "hypothesis": "The inference 'Xiaoyan is the whitest in the dorm, so she must be from the south' is most similar to the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12483, "premise": "The stable functioning of a society depends upon the relatively long-term stability of the goals of its citizens. This is clear from the fact that unless the majority of individuals have a predictable and enduring set of aspirations, it will be impossible for a legislature to craft laws that will augment the satisfaction of the citizenry, and it should be obvious that a society is stable only if its laws tend to increase the happiness of its citizens.", "hypothesis": "The claim that a society is stable only if its laws tend to increase the happiness of its citizens helps to support the conclusion of the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12521, "premise": "Rossi: It is undemocratic for people to live under a government in which their interests are not represented. So children should have the right to vote, since sometimes the interests of children are different from those of their parents. Smith: Granted, children' s interests are not always the same as their parents' ; governmental deficits incurred by their parents' generation will later affect their own generation' s standard of living. But even if children are told about the issues affecting them, which is not generally the case, their conceptions of what can or should be done are too simple, and their time horizons are radically different from those of adults, so we cannot give them the responsibility of voting.", "hypothesis": "Rossi's argument substitutes description for giving a rationale for a policy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7208, "premise": "The term Phoenix Man refers to a man who was born in a rural area and had a poor family. After studying hard by himself, he eventually flew out of the golden phoenix from the mountain nest and became famous in the city.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, B who was from a poor family in a village, and stayed on to teach after graduating from university and published many high-quality papers in internationally renowned journals belongs to Phoenix Man.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4201, "premise": "Vocational training refers to the training of vocational knowledge and practical skills of the trainees in accordance with the requirements of different vocational positions.", "hypothesis": "A city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau plans to hold a computer training course and home economics training course in the first half of the year, the training target is all laid-off personnel of the city is vocational training according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1699, "premise": "A few kind owners went to the market to collect leaves, which they soaked in salt and made their only delicacies.", "hypothesis": "This is neither a compliment nor an expose to the boss.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10906, "premise": "Chemical fertilizers not only create potential health hazards, they also destroy earthworms, which are highly beneficial to soil. For this reason alone the use of chemical fertilizers should be avoided. The castings earthworms leave behind are much richer than the soil they ingest, thus making a garden rich in earthworms much more fertile than a garden without them.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of the argument is that the use of chemical fertilizers should be avoided.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12163, "premise": "Spring Mountain College recently sent out a survey to the graduating class of 2003 asking that the graduates provide their class rank. Surprisingly, the survey results revealed that most of the students ranked in the top third of the class.", "hypothesis": "A majority of the respondents ranked high in the graduating class would most likely explain the survey results.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5425, "premise": "Hunger marketing means that commodity suppliers deliberately reduce their output in order to regulate the relationship between supply and demand, create the illusion of short supply, and maintain a high selling price and profit margin of commodities. Hunger marketing is more suitable for industries with high unit price and difficult to form repeated purchase of single commodities.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, the statement 'Recently, the top grade Baijiu is not saleable, and a well-known brand Baijiu manufacturer has taken the initiative to limit production and raise the price to ensure the efficiency.Sales did not decline significantly' belongs to hunger marketing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14325, "premise": "Political scientist: When a bill comes before a legislative body, the majority of the representatives are usually prepared to vote for it. Moreover, when a bill is at first unlikely to get approval by the majority, a compromise regarding the content of the bill is usually possible, allowing its passage into law. Such compromises are impossible, however, when the bill concerns an issue of fundamental importance to a large bloc of representatives.", "hypothesis": "If the political scientist's statements are true, most bills concerning issues of fundamental importance to a large bloc of representatives passing into law as a result of compromises over the bills' contents must be false.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5763, "premise": "Heterogeneous human capital refers to the human capital with the form of increasing productivity in a particular historical stage, which is manifested as the unique abilities of the owner. These abilities mainly include: comprehensive coordination ability, judgment and decision-making ability, learning and innovation ability and ability to bear risks, etc.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a certain factory hiring an academician as a technical consultant, and a large number of venture capital companies coming to the factory, and some highly educated talents also joining one after another does not involve heterogeneous human capital.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6047, "premise": "The researchers believe that babies born may be less intellectually inferior if mothers are exposed to pesticides in the first few months of pregnancy. They believe that shortly after a woman becomes pregnant, the embryonic brain begins to develop, so the early stages of pregnancy are a critical period for the development of the baby's brain, and exposure to pesticides may alter the environment around the developing embryos in the pregnant woman's body and the brain.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The researchers followed 1,500 pregnant women and found that children born to more exposed to pesticides performed significantly worse in math and language subjects\" best supports the researcher's point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9685, "premise": "For the community pension institutions located in the garden community, most people think that the elderly can not only play chess and chat together, enjoy their body and mind, but also exert their residual heat to help other residents. However, Lao Wang raised an objection, saying that community pension institutions bring noise pollution and affect the normal life of residents.", "hypothesis": "When the elderly carry out recreational activities, the noise is lower than that of daily life can best refute Lao Wang's opinion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14237, "premise": "Teresa: If their goal is to maximize profits, film studios should concentrate on producing bigbudget films rather than small-budget ones. For, unlike big-budget films, small-budget films never attract mass audiences. While small-budget films are less expensive to produce and, hence, involve less risk of unprofitability than big-budget films, low production costs do not guarantee the highest possible profits.", "hypothesis": "An assumption required by Teresa's argument is that each big-budget film is guaranteed to attract a mass audience.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13114, "premise": "During 1991 the number of people in the town of Bayburg who received municipal food assistance doubled, even though the number of people in Bayburg whose incomes were low enough to qualify for such assistance remained unchanged.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'During 1991 many residents of a nearby city lost their jobs and moved to Bayburg in search of work' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12541, "premise": "Many banks have a drive-through automated teller machine, built into the wall flanking the driver' s side of a narrow aisle. Even though blind people obviously do not drive, these machines nonetheless invariably feature Braille -- the system of raised dots used by the blind for reading and writing -- in addition to the standard letters and numerals on their control panels.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The embossing technique used to form the raised dots does not typically add much to the overall cost of the automated teller machine' does the most to explain the situation described.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3823, "premise": "If Argentina joins the alliance, Brazil and Chile will boycott the alliance. If Brazil and Chile have one country boycotting the alliance, the alliance will exist in name only. The alliance will not exist in name.", "hypothesis": "Argentina did not participate in the league according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8735, "premise": "Five graduate students majoring in linguistics in the liberal arts college of a university in 2014, Zhang, Wang, Li, Zhao and Liu, were hired by one of the three employers Tianshu, Tianji and Tianxuan, and each unit hired at least one of them. It is known that: (1) Li was hired by Tianshu; (2) Li and Zhao were not employed by the same unit; (3) Liu and Zhao were hired by the same unit; (4) if Zhang was hired by Tianxuan, Wang was also hired by Tianxuan.", "hypothesis": "The correct way to determine the employer of each graduate is that Liu was hired by Tianji.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10083, "premise": "A tour group went to the Mulan paddock for a trip. The group members rode horses, shot arrows, ate barbecued meat, and finally went to the store to buy souvenirs. Known: (1) Someone bought a Mongolian knife. (2) Someone did not buy a Mongolian knife. (3) Both Mr. Zhang and Ms. Wang from the group bought Mongolian knives.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the three sentences above is true, then both Mr. Zhang and Ms. Wang bought Mongolian knives must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14528, "premise": "Our cabbage soup provides good nutrition; a warm bowl of it contains more units of vitamin C than does a serving of mango or fresh broccoli!", "hypothesis": "Few people depend exclusively on mango and broccoli to supply vitamin C to their diets is true, the advertisement is misleading.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9760, "premise": "Most of the earth's surface is covered by oceans, and life is born in the oceans. However, it is estimated that 80% of Earth's species live on land, compared to only 15% in the oceans, with the remaining 5% in freshwater. The researchers believe that the physical layout of terrestrial habitats may be more fragmented than the ocean, which is one of the main reasons for the greater diversity of terrestrial species.", "hypothesis": "Over time, natural selection can even turn different groups of the same species on two islands into distinct species, according to records from one archipelago would most strengthen the above researcher's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9841, "premise": "Different from water and air pollution, the concealment of soil pollution is strong. The soil remediation technology that can be used in developed countries may not be applicable in our country. At present, soil in situ remediation technology based on extracellular respiration of microorganisms has become a new force in soil bioremediation technology in South China. Compared with physical and chemical repair, this repair method has the characteristics of high efficiency, low cost, non-destructive, wide application and so on.", "hypothesis": "The soil in remediation technology is developed on the basis of the characteristic soil conditions in South China is the basis of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12906, "premise": "Nutritionist: Many people claim that simple carbohydrates are a reasonable caloric replacement for the fatty foods forbidden to those on law-fat diets. This is now in doubt. New studies show that, for many people, a high intake of simple carbohydrates stimulates an overproduction of insulin, a hormone that is involved in processing sugars and starches to create energy when the body requires energy, or, when energy is not required, to store the resulting by-products as fat.", "hypothesis": "People who wish to avoid gaining body fat should limit their intake of foods high in simple carbohydrates is most strongly supported by the nutritionist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10199, "premise": "After suppressing the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom, Zeng Guofan asked the court to demobilize the Hunan army in his book, but made no mention of his personal fate. Because he knew that if he asked to stay in the court in the memoir, he would be suspected of being greedy for power; if he asked for dismissal and return to his hometown in the memoir, it would give the court the impression that he was unwilling to continue to be loyal to the court.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning that states that between the brothers Liang Wudi and Xiao Hong, if Xiao Hong gave up power and coveted money, Liang Wudi would not worry that he would seize power; if Xiao Hong was greedy for money and fought for power, Liang Wudi would take precautions. Although Xiao Hong amassed excessive wealth, Emperor Liang Wudi trusted him very much is most similar to the one above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12467, "premise": "Developers of neighborhood Y are trying to lure potential homebuyers by offering a large discount on newly built homes. As a result, the homes in neighborhood Y are available for 20% less than comparably sized homes in neighborhood X. So unless potential homebuyers distrust the developers of neighborhood Y, neighborhood X is unlikely to attract many homebuyers because there are plenty of houses available in neighborhood Y.", "hypothesis": "None of the houses in neighborhood X are selling for less than the houses in neighborhood Y is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6885, "premise": "Statistics show that since the founding of New China, 80% of the more than 1,100 high-tech materials that have been developed and put into civilian use in my country have been developed due to the development needs of aerospace technology. As we all know, aerospace technology has The requirements are extremely high. As a result, every advancement in China's aerospace industry has forced the electronics industry, and the equipment manufacturing industry is constantly upgrading and upgrading, and the ultimate beneficiaries of these are ordinary people.", "hypothesis": "The text intended to emphasize is the upgrading of manufacturing industry brings continuous progress in aerospace technology.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10729, "premise": "In view of the considerable length of the police chief' s tenure as head of the department, the chief should be held accountable for the widespread corruption in the department. That no evidence was discovered that the chief was involved in any way in the corruption does not allow us to escape this conclusion.", "hypothesis": "If a person has been in a position of authority for a long time, then there is no excuse that can absolve the person of responsibility for widespread corruption among subordinates is a principle that, if valid, most helps to justify the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12618, "premise": "Linda: The governor' s proposal to raise taxes to improve carpool lanes is unjust. Why should commuters who never use carpool lanes be forced to subsidize them? Mario: You are mistaken. The state government has always designated more funding to noncarpool lanes. The additional revenue raised from the tax increase will just allow the governor to distribute funds to all lanes more equally.", "hypothesis": "Mario expands the context of the problem in order to make the governor's proposal appear more equitable in answering Linda.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 999, "premise": "Scientists believe that dreams are the result of a combination of centers in the brain responsible for various bodily functions. Some brain cells are active during sleep, which is the basis of dreams. Recent research has confirmed that dreaming not only does not affect people's sleep and health, but also is one of the physiological activities necessary to protect brain health.", "hypothesis": "In the study, people whose dreams were disturbed appeared anxious, nervous and had short-term memory impairments when they woke up best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14589, "premise": "Gartland has long been narrowly self-sufficient in both grain and meat. However, as per capita income in Gartland has risen toward the world average, per capita consumption of meat has also risen toward the world average, and it takes several pounds of grain to produce one pound of meat. Ttherefore, since per capita income continues to rise, whereas domestic grain production will not increase, Gartland will soon have to import either grain or meat or both.", "hypothesis": "People in Gartland who increase their consumption of meat will not radically decrease their consumption of grain is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14241, "premise": "Many Seychelles warblers of breeding age forgo breeding, remaining instead with their parents and helping to raise their own siblings. This behavior, called cooperative breeding, results from the scarcity of nesting territory for the birds on the tiny island that, until recently, was home to the world' s population of Seychelles warblers. Yet when healthy warblers were transplanted to a much larger neighboring island as part of an experiment, most of those warblers maintained a pattern of cooperative breeding.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The Seychelles warblers had fewer competitors for nesting territory on the island to which they were transplanted than on their native island\" most helps to explain the result of the experiment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5836, "premise": "The smartest deceiver may deceive all people at a certain moment, or it may deceive some people at all times, but it is absolutely impossible to deceive all people at all times.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, the statement \"A man may not be deceived at any moment\" is incorrect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13396, "premise": "Bureaucrat: The primary, constant goal of an ideal bureaucracy is to define and classify all possible problems and set out regulations regarding each eventuality. Also, an ideal bureaucracy provides an appeal procedure for any complaint. If a complaint reveals an unanticipated problem, the regulations are expanded to cover the new issue, and for this reason an ideal bureaucracy will have an everexpanding system of regulations.", "hypothesis": "An ideal bureaucracy will never be permanently without complaints about problems that are not covered by that bureaucracy's regulations is an assumption the bureaucrat's argument requires.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12994, "premise": "Alcohol consumption has been clearly linked to high blood pressure, which increases the likelihood of developing heart disease. Yet in a study of the effects of alcohol consumption, the incidence of heart disease was lower among participants who drank moderate quantities of alcohol every day than it was among participants identified as nondrinkers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because many people who do not drink alcohol are conscious of their health habits, they are likely to engage in regular exercise and to eat nutritionally well-balanced meals' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12551, "premise": "People who are good at playing the game Drackedary are invariably skilled with their hands. Mary is a very competent watchmaker. Ttherefore, Mary would make a good Drackedary player.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which one of the following: 'All race car drivers have good reflexes. Chris is a champion table tennis player. Therefore, Chris would make a good race car driver.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8200, "premise": "Man is born of nature, and man and nature are in a symbiotic relationship, and damage to nature will eventually damage human beings. Therefore, only by respecting the laws of nature can we effectively prevent detours in the development and utilization of nature.", "hypothesis": "If we do not respect the laws of nature, we cannot effectively prevent detours in the development and utilization of nature can be concluded from the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5894, "premise": "If sponsors of the Olympic Games want to achieve commercial success through the Olympics, it is not enough to simply add five rings on their business cards or set up tents to attract tourists. For the past 15 years, as a global sponsor of the Olympic Games, VISA International Organizations believe that in order to effectively use this world's largest sports and cultural event, it is not just an event that simply throws money into the Olympic flame.", "hypothesis": "VISA International did not set up tents to attract tourists is an option that can be derived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8795, "premise": "In the early days of its formation, the Earth was a rapidly rotating body in the state of lava, and most of the iron was in its core; some molten liquid was thrown from the surface of this rotating body, and later condensed to form the Moon.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that the Moon has a solid surface structure and a lava-state core can most support the view of the origin of the Moon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 414, "premise": "Climatic geomorphology is a discipline that studies the formation process and evolution laws of geomorphology under different climatic conditions, and is an important branch of geomorphology. Climatic geomorphology mainly studies various physical, chemical, and biological factors that reflect the causes of climate and geomorphology, and studies the development process of various landforms under different climatic conditions.", "hypothesis": "What are the characteristics of the process of landform shaping in mid-latitude forest areas does not belong to the research scope of climatic geomorphology according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10404, "premise": "The Arctic region is rich in oil. natural gas. Mineral and fishery resources, its oil and gas reserves account for a quarter of the world's undeveloped oil and gas resources. Global warming is causing the Arctic ice to melt at a rate of 9 percent every 10 years, and the route through the Arctic Ocean along Russia's northern coastline connecting the Atlantic and the Pacific can travel tens of thousands of kilometers from Asia to Europe than the Panama Canal. Therefore, the development and utilization of the Arctic will bring enormous benefits to mankind", "hypothesis": "Exploring the Arctic would accelerate snow and ice melt, raise sea levels and flood coastal lowlands would weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9634, "premise": "Rush-off anxiety refers to the phenomena that families or schools, worried about their children's lack of competitiveness, are eager to carry out advanced education, deepen teaching content and violate the basic laws of education and teaching.", "hypothesis": "An education and training institution requiring teachers to appropriately increase the teaching content, increase the difficulty of learning, and attract more excellent students to attend remedial tutoring in all kinds of courses is not the Rush-off anxiety.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9015, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "G serves as a member of the three sub-committees may be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12295, "premise": "Journalist: Recent studies have demonstrated that a regular smoker who has just smoked a cigarette will typically display significantly better short-term memory skills than a nonsmoker, whether or not the nonsmoker has also just smoked a cigarette for the purposes of the study. Moreover, the majority of those smokers who exhibit this superiority in shortterm memory skills will do so for at least eight hours after having last smoked.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The short-term memory skills exhibited by a nonsmoker who has just smoked a cigarette are typically superior to those exhibited by a", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14388, "premise": "At one time, many astronomers assumed that Earth remains motionless while the stars revolve around it. They concluded from this that the stars were not more than a few million miles from Earth. They reasoned that if the stars were farther away, they would have to move at tremendously great speeds in order to circle Earth during the day and reappear in roughly the same positions each night.", "hypothesis": "If the stars do not revolve around Earth, it is possible for at least some stars to be more than a few million miles from Earth is an assumption required by the reasoning described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9825, "premise": "Division is a logical method of dividing the objects reflected by a concept into several small categories to confirm the extension of the concept, or it can be said to be a logical method of dividing an extended generic concept into several juxtaposed species concepts. Decomposition is to divide an object into several parts in thinking, and there is not a species relationship between the concept that reflects the part and the concept that reflects the whole.", "hypothesis": "The penalty is divided into principal punishment, deprivation of political rights, confiscation of property, etc.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6586, "premise": "Mass media is mainly carried out through newspapers, television, radio and other platforms. Interpersonal communication refers to holding forums, public open days and other activities to achieve communication between people. New media combines the advantages of mass media and interpersonal communication and has both extensiveness and accuracy. It can not only face millions or even tens of millions of audiences at the same time, but also realize one-to-one communication between communicators and audiences. The audience is not only the target object of communication, but also the main body of communication, which can help us to achieve secondary or even multiple re-communication.", "hypothesis": "The two-way interaction of new media reflects its differences and advantages from traditional media has an inaccurate understanding of new media according to the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1172, "premise": "The study of Management localization research in China should use the method of property research. Because the study of nature does not have a clear procedure and path to follow as quantitative research, it is complicated and time-consuming to do at the beginning, which is even more difficult for researchers who are used to quantitative research and logical empirical research.This is why some researchers give up the real study of Management localization research to do some research with a fixed research paradigm and a clearer paradigm, and publish papers more quickly. At the same time, it is a research topic that is more favored by international prison editors.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of Management localization research in China is that we should pay more attention to qualitative research.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13904, "premise": "Mario: The field of cognitive science is not a genuinely autonomous discipline since it addresses issues also addressed by the disciplines of computer science, linguistics, and psychology. A genuinely autonomous discipline has a domain of inquiry all its own. Lucy: Nonsense. You' ve always acknowledged that philosophy is a genuinely autonomous discipline and that, like most people, you think of philosophy as addressing issues also addressed by the disciplines of linguistics, mathematics, and psychology. A field of study is a genuinely autonomous discipline by virtue of its having a unique methodology rather than by virtue of its addressing issues that no other field of study addresses.", "hypothesis": "Lucy responds to Mario by showing that some of Mario's beliefs are not compatible with the principle on which he bases his conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5405, "premise": "Many medical experts have suggested that excessive coffee drinking is harmful to health. In order to verify the impact of excessive coffee drinking on the heart, researchers selected two groups of subjects. The first group of subjects drank five or more cups of coffee a day, and the second group of subjects never drank coffee. After a period of time, it was found that the proportion of heart disease in the first group of subjects was significantly higher than that in the second group. Therefore, The researchers concluded that drinking too much coffee increased the risk of heart disease.", "hypothesis": "Some of the subjects in the first group drank 10 cups of coffee a day, if true, questions the above argument most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2473, "premise": "There were guests absent from Mr. Wang's birthday dinner. Mr. Wang said, at most two of Xiao Li, Lao Zhao, Xiao Pan and Lao Ma. Mrs. Wang said, honey, I think you're wrong. I think what you said is different from the actual situation.", "hypothesis": "If Mrs. Wang is wrong, then everyone came except Xiao Li, Lao Zhao, Xiao Pan, and Lao Ma is not true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10646, "premise": "A study of young children' s ability to learn foreign languages found that those with parents who read them more than one book per week in their native language were 75% more proficient in the foreign languages that they learned than children whose parents read them one book per week or less. A secondary finding of the study was that children' s ability to remember new vocabulary in a second language drops off sharply after the age of 6, when it becomes 75% more difficult to retain new words learned in the second language.", "hypothesis": "Assuming the statements above are true, students who begin studying a language later in life would have had an easier time learning some aspects of that language if they had begun studying it as a young child can be inferred from them.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11523, "premise": "Environment minister: Many countries have signed an international agreement that is intended to reduce pollution in the world' s oceans. While conformity to this agreement probably would significantly reduce pollution in the world' s oceans, it would also probably reduce economic growth in our country and others. Ttherefore, our country should not sign the agreement.", "hypothesis": "The principle that it is more important to maintain economic growth in one's own country than it is to reduce pollution in the world's oceans would most help to justify the environment minister's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13500, "premise": "Flagpole Army Base in Oregon and Klondike Army Base in Alaska are similar bases with similar duty loads. Despite the similarities, Klondike always has had more men than Flagpole has. Clearly, each soldier at Klondike must have to perform a smaller share of the duties, and ttherefore soldiers at Klondike must have more free time than do soldiers at Flagpole.", "hypothesis": "In evaluating the argument, it would be most useful to know whether regular furloughs from Klondike are longer than furloughs from Flagpole, to account for added travel time.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9607, "premise": "Text is the soul of calligraphy. The bookish style and artistic style of calligraphy are closely related to the humanistic spirit behind the text. Calligraphy with the absence of text is incomplete calligraphy. As for the judgment of the value of calligraphy, although it has been adjusted to a certain extent in traditional culture and modern culture, the culture of calligraphy has not been shaken at all. The art of calligraphy has always assumed the function of carrying Tao. The calligraphy classics represented by the Preface to the Collection of Orchid Pavilion and manuscripts for nephews are the products of pen and ink and rhetoric, which contain national feelings, national character and humanistic spirit, and embody the calligrapher's cultural accomplishment and artistic accomplishment.", "hypothesis": "The level of art of calligraphy does not match the meaning of the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5969, "premise": "According to historical records, the ancient Dian Kingdom in the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period lasted more than 500 years, and its position in Yunnan history is quite important. The bronze culture of the ancient Dian Kingdom absorbed and integrated the cultural essence of different regions and nations. However, after the Eastern Han Dynasty, the ancient Dian Kingdom The country has mysteriously disappeared, and there is no record in history books after the Tang Dynasty. In recent years, thousands of ancient Dian bronzes have been unearthed from the Lijiashan Tombs in Jiangchuan County on the south bank of Fuxian Lake, and the Jinning Stone connected to the north bank of Fuxian Lake .The Dianwang seal was once unearthed in Zhaishan. Based on this, archaeologists speculated that the ancient underwater city of Fuxian Lake in Yunnan is the ancient Dianwang city that mysteriously disappeared.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'According to archaeological conventions, there are tomb groups near the capital of the kingdom' can best support the above speculation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15123, "premise": "Journalist: A manufacturers' trade group that has long kept its membership list secret inadvertently sent me a document listing hundreds of manufacturing companies. A representative of the trade group later confirmed that every company listed in the document does indeed belong to the trade group. Because Bruch Industries is not listed on the document, it is evidently not a member of the trade group.", "hypothesis": "The journalist's reasoning is flawed because they take for granted the accuracy of a statement by a representative who had a reason to withhold information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8464, "premise": "Intrusive thinking refers to some involuntary, recurrent and irregular disturbing thoughts that enter the individual's brain, which can cause a series of adaptive problems and induce negative emotions, including anxiety, depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, intrusive thinking belongs to intrusive thinking.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8063, "premise": "In the face of heavy traffic every day, we always feel that it is disorderly. Once you see the sun, you will find that there is still group cooperation under this chaos: every car has its own goal and every driver tries to avoid traffic accidents, which is an individual behavior; when driving on the road, the car is connected from end to end, the distance is narrow but does not collide, accelerate when the distance increases, slow down when the distance is small, this is group cooperation. If you refuse to cooperate, the road will become a heap of scrap copper and scrap iron. Interestingly, this is not mainly the result of traffic police directing traffic, but the unintentional result of each driver pursuing his or her own goal.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Group cooperation is a very important factor in human social life' is intended to emphasize.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13702, "premise": "To improve productivity, manufacturing companies have recently begun restructuring work to produce more goods with fewer assembly-line workers, and the companies have laid off many workers as a consequence. The workers laid off have been those with the least seniority (time on the job), generally the younger workers.", "hypothesis": "The manufacturing companies are increasing the average age of their assembly-line workforce while still seeking to increase production is the conclusion that is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12986, "premise": "A business analysis of the Appenian railroad system divided its long-distance passenger routes into two categories: rural routes and interurban routes. The analysis found that, unlike the interurban routes, few rural routes carried a high enough passenger volume to be profitable. Closing unprofitable rural routes, however, will not necessarily enhance the profitability of the whole system, since__.", "hypothesis": "The greatest passenger volume, relative to the routes' capacity, is not on either category of long-distance routes but is on suburban commuter routes most logically completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 736, "premise": "Social self-organization refers to a social organization that is established spontaneously, develops independently, acts independently, has a certain scale, exists in the form of non-governmental organizations, and gradually moves from disorder to order.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, every Saturday night, young people dancing hip-hop in the square of a municipal park doesn't belong to social self-organization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9446, "premise": "The latest research shows that drinking green tea regularly is good for the cardiovascular system.The researchers followed and studied more than 100,000 participants for seven years.Participants were divided into two groups: those who drank green tea more than three times a week (those who drank green tea more than three times a week) and those who did not drink green tea (those who never drank green tea or drank green tea less than three times a week). The researchers found that those who drank green tea had a 20% lower risk of heart disease and stroke and a 22% lower risk of dying from heart disease and stroke than those who did not drink green tea.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The flavonols contained in green tea have the effect of preventing blood clots and platelet clumping' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5950, "premise": "With the improvement of material life, people's spiritual pursuits have become more abundant, and the land of China has developed a collection craze. However, due to the excessive utilitarianism, the collection craze is somewhat impetuous, and it lacks a cultural soul. Recently, Beijing Several appreciation of treasures activities have been held. Experts are invited to appraise private collections. There are a lot of people who come with treasures, and very few of them can find genuine products; some people spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy collections that are fakes. .", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Appreciation of treasures activity is conducive to purifying the collection market\" can be derived from this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1606, "premise": "TV channels are no longer scarce for people. The increasing number of TV channels gives viewers more choices. The audience's attention choice has become a scarce resource pursued by TV media.", "hypothesis": "The topic of the highway investment management system with market-oriented action not worth the loss is most likely to arise from this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7283, "premise": "A network refers to a system composed of many interleaved branches.", "hypothesis": "Recruiting talent does not match the definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8865, "premise": "The coach of a provincial go team selects four of the seven players E, F, G, H, J, K and M to participate in the professional league. The selection must meet the following conditions: one of E or F will participate, but not both. One of J or K participates, but not both. If J participates, G participates. M will not participate unless F participates.", "hypothesis": "The four players who can participate in the competition together are E, G, J, and M.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7015, "premise": "The development of the Internet of things, an emerging industry, is strong. In only a few years, the industrial scale of the Internet of things has shown a compound growth rate of more than 30% a year. Intellectual property rights such as patents provide strong support for the rapid rise of this sunrise industry. It is predicted that in the next few years, the global Internet of things market will grow rapidly. China's Internet of things market will reach 750 billion yuan in 2015, and the market prospect will far exceed the computer, Internet, mobile communications and other markets. From the current situation of patent applications in China, the number of core technology patents and international patent applications submitted through the Patent Cooperation Treaty is obviously insufficient. Therefore, industry experts point out that it is necessary to accelerate the patent layout of the Internet of things industry in China.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The industry of the Internet of things in China will become the pillar industry of our country in the future' does not match the meaning of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4710, "premise": "In public places, roadside excavation and other ground construction, if no safety measures such as setting up obvious warning signs are taken to cause pedestrian damage, the fault presumption liability shall apply, that is, after the pedestrian proves that the damage is caused by the behavior of the constructor, if the constructor cannot prove that he is not at fault, the constructor shall be deemed to be at fault.", "hypothesis": "According to the above words, when the ground construction causes human damage, the constructor is obliged to prove that he is not at fault, and the victim is not obliged to prove that he is not at fault.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9773, "premise": "The restoration of ancient books is a very practical work, if you can not get in touch with ancient books, even if you have learned the relevant knowledge, it is difficult to improve the practical ability. Although the restoration of ancient books can be regarded as a skill, it requires literature, bibliography, and even background knowledge of science and engineering such as materials and chemistry to work better and requires a higher level of education. Libraries, museums and other recruitment units usually have high academic requirements for candidates for the restoration of ancient books, requiring bachelor's degree or above, but at present, the academic education of ancient books restoration major in our country is mainly higher vocational college education. This makes the talent needs of cultural and cultural institutions can not be met, and people with some practical skills are useless.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that cultural institutions should provide practical opportunities for ancient book restoration personnel.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4302, "premise": "the school's flood fighting rescue donation team received a large amount of unsigned donation. After searching in many ways,it can be concluded that it was donated by one of Zhao,Qian,Sun,and Li. Upon inquiry,Zhao said It was not my donation,Qian said It was donated by Li,Sun said It was donated by money,Li saidI definitely didn't donate. Finally, a detailed investigation confirmed that only one of the four people was telling the truth.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above known conditions, it is true that what Li said was a lie and Li donated it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4041, "premise": "There are four orchards A, B, C and D, in which all the fruit trees in A orchard can be found in B orchard, the fruit tree species in C orchard include all the fruit tree species in B orchard, and some fruit trees in C orchard can also be planted in D orchard.", "hypothesis": "Some fruit trees in B Orchard can be found in D Orchard is correct based on the above conclusions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 859, "premise": "The early universe contained only the lightest elements, hydrogen and nitrogen. Heavier elements, such as carbon, were only formed in stellar nuclear reactions and diverged when stars exploded. A layer of recently discovered nebulae contained billions of carbon. It was formed years ago, when the age of the universe was less than two billion years.", "hypothesis": "There are stars before the universe was two billion years old can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10749, "premise": "If a civilization as technologically advanced as human civilization existed on another planet and that planet were within 50 light years of Earth, that civilization would have found evidence of intelligent life on Earth and could have easily contacted us. Scientists can thus rule out the possibility of finding a civilization as technologically advanced as our own within 50 light years of Earth.", "hypothesis": "A technologically advanced civilization on another planet would want to communicate with intelligent life that it detected on Earth is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6845, "premise": "Confucianism holds that it is impossible for a person to obtain happiness without virtue. Happiness in life is reflected in personal good deeds, and the process of people's continuous improvement of personal virtues is the process of pursuing happiness. In order to practice virtue, one cannot insist on the enjoyment of material life, even if it is a meal, a ladle of drink, as long as the high moral character can be cultivated, such asceticism is also happy.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between virtue and happiness is the main idea of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3031, "premise": "We can make bicycles that are stronger than ordinary bicycles, and we can also make bicycles that are lighter than ordinary bicycles. Therefore, we can make bicycles that have the above two advantages at the same time.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning flaw in the above argument is most similar to the statement 'Wang said it was cold outside, and Zhang said it was snowing.Therefore, it is not only cold but also snowing outside.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3600, "premise": "Anti-political politics refers to a political attitude and a denial of totalitarian politics. The basic idea is not to regard politics as a technology of power and manipulation, nor to regard politics as a rule about controlling humans. Or useful art, but regard politics as a way to seek and realize a meaningful life.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement \"countries should seek common ground while reserving differences\" is most suitable for anti-political politics.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7364, "premise": "For some reason, Zhang and Li are faced with the choice of two schemes of A and B. If both people choose scheme A, they will each get three unit benefits; if one person chooses scheme A and the other chooses scheme B, then those who choose scheme A will get three unit benefits, and those who choose scheme B will get five unit benefits; if both people choose scheme B, they will each get two unit benefits. Assuming that both Zhang and Li calculate and act according to the standard of maximizing their own interests, they both understand the gains and losses of the above interests, and their choices are in order.", "hypothesis": "Based on this, it can be concluded that when Zhang chooses scheme A, Li will choose scheme B is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 562, "premise": "Involuntary behavior refers to behavior that occurs due to force majeure or contrary to the subjective will of the actor.", "hypothesis": "In the dark, the robbery Wang stabbed his friend to death by mistake is most consistent with involuntary behavior.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13436, "premise": "Futurist: Artists in the next century will be supported largely by private patrons. Because these patrons will almost invariably be supporters of the social order -- whatever it happens to be at the time -- art in the next century will rarely express social and political doctrines that are perceived to be subversive of that social order.", "hypothesis": "The principle that artists are as prone to attack the contemporary social and political order in their work as they are to defend it provides the most support for the futurist's inference.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9613, "premise": "In the technical aspect of film performance, in fact, digital technology has replaced homologous imaging technology, and feature films constructed by computer-produced images have emerged. Computer-produced images are no longer limited to simple special effects, they make up all the montage in the film, and the main characters are all or partly computer-produced . During the release and projection of the film, the textured film rolls, the noisy sound of the projector, or the image editing table, as well as the metal boxes that flow between cinemas, are disappearing from our sight one by one and become a thing of the past.", "hypothesis": "Digital technology has subverted the whole process of film production and distribution in the past is the most appropriate summary of the context.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12499, "premise": "Television allows us to transmit images of ourselves that propagate into space. The earliest of these transmissions have by now reached all of our neighboring star systems. None of these transmissions, so far as we know, has been recognized; we have yet to receive any messages of extraterrestrial origin. We must conclude that there is no extraterrestrial intelligence in any of our neighboring star systems.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is questionable because the argument infers that there is no extraterrestrial intelligence in neighboring star systems from the lack of proof that there is.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9660, "premise": "The winter of 2020 seems to come earlier than usual. Before November, there was the first snowfall and the temperature dropped below zero in some parts of our country. According to this, the winter of 2020 will be the coldest winter in China in 60 years.", "hypothesis": "According to statistics, the time of the first snowfall is not significantly related to the average temperature throughout the winter most weakens the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9743, "premise": "A national restaurant chain has launched a new pastry in some northern cities, with excellent sales and reputation, so the company's management believes that if it is launched in the south, it will also be loved by customers.", "hypothesis": "It acquiesces that the sales volume and word-of-mouth information of the product in the northern market can be used to predict the southern market is the option that best points out the shortcomings of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3426, "premise": "Habits are behaviors and tendencies that develop over a long period of time and are not easily changed.", "hypothesis": "Washing your hands before meals is a habit according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4056, "premise": "A major breakthrough is brewing in biotechnology. In the field of agricultural genetically modified biotechnology, we have made continuous success in the use of transgenic technology, genetically modified grains, soybeans, hybrid rice and other stress-resistant, disease-resistant and high-yielding crops, and genetically modified animals. This is a major technological revolution for traditional agriculture. In the field of medical biotechnology, asexual reproduction techniques such as gene cloning, cell cloning and individual level cloning are developing rapidly. The research on stem cell cloning based on organ repair and transplantation has made positive progress, which has laid a solid foundation for the historic transformation of human beings from disease treatment to disease prevention. In the aspect of biochip, DNA chip becomes the product of the combination of biotechnology and microelectronic technology. Its application will greatly improve the accuracy and efficiency of disease detection and bring hope for the faster detection of some difficult diseases.", "hypothesis": "The final conquest of serious life-threatening diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer, AIDS and nervous system diseases depends on the decoding of the sequence of gene structure is correct based on the above conclusions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5954, "premise": "It has become a new fashion for readers to read various online novels online. Click-through novels stand out on the basis of online novels and become a new publishing mode. Works on the Internet are published because of the high click-through rate, and online authors can get royalties Income. The website earns high click-through rate because of its popularity, and publishers judge the market because of high click-through rate and popularity, and win market sales performance. In order to obtain a higher click-through rate, some professional writers even write books according to the requirements of the publisher.", "hypothesis": "According to the above article, click-through novels enable Internet writers, websites and publishers to establish a win-win-win publishing model cannot be derived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9158, "premise": "A fuel-efficient car of a certain brand is priced at 270,000 yuan, while another is priced at 170,000 yuan. According to the current gasoline price and the test data of the fuel consumption per 100 kilometers of the two cars, people who buy this fuel-efficient car need to complete 300,000 kilometers to make up the price difference higher than that of buying a normal car. If the oil price rises in the future, the mileage required to make up the purchase price of the car will also increase accordingly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Arguments that use unproven assumptions as arguments' most points out the flaw in the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13396, "premise": "Bureaucrat: The primary, constant goal of an ideal bureaucracy is to define and classify all possible problems and set out regulations regarding each eventuality. Also, an ideal bureaucracy provides an appeal procedure for any complaint. If a complaint reveals an unanticipated problem, the regulations are expanded to cover the new issue, and for this reason an ideal bureaucracy will have an everexpanding system of regulations.", "hypothesis": "For each problem that an ideal bureaucracy has defined and classified, the bureaucracy has received at least one complaint revealing that problem is an assumption the bureaucrat's argument requires.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10079, "premise": "Weddings can be seen, but love can't be seen; love letters can be seen, misses can't be seen, flowers can be seen, spring can't be seen; fruits can be seen, nutrition can't be seen; the action of help can be seen, caring can't be seen; blowing wind can be felt, the air is invisible; the diploma is visible, but the level is invisible. Some people have come to the conclusion that the invisible is more valuable than the visible.", "hypothesis": "The option \"I prefer accidental to inevitable\" uses the same reasoning method as the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 167, "premise": "Cultural change refers to the change of the culture of an ethnic group caused by the development of the ethnic society or the contact between different ethnic groups. New things are added due to invention or borrowing, which leads to the loss of old things. It is a cultural change; Due to changes in the ecological environment and social life, some cultural factors automatically disappear even when there is no substitute, which is also a cultural change.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, following the colonization and development of the United Kingdom, English has become the official language of many Asian countries is not cultural change.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14653, "premise": "Three-year-old Sara and her playmate Michael are both ill and have the same symptoms. Since they play together every afternoon, Sara probably has the same illness as Michael does. Since Michael definitely does not have a streptococcal infection, despite his having some symptoms of one, the illness that Sara has is definitely not a streptococcal infection either.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument treats evidence that the conclusion is probably true as if that evidence establishes the certainty of the conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 351, "premise": "Analogical reasoning refers to a logical method in which two (or two types of) objects have similar or identical properties in some aspects, inferring that their properties in other aspects may also be similar or the same.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning process that does not apply analogy reasoning is 'From brightly colored mushrooms are generally toxic, it can be inferred that brightly colored snakes are generally toxic.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 736, "premise": "Social self-organization refers to a social organization that is established spontaneously, develops independently, acts independently, has a certain scale, exists in the form of non-governmental organizations, and gradually moves from disorder to order.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, dancing hip-hop in the square of a municipal park every Saturday night doesn't belong to social self-organization.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10684, "premise": "Economic considerations color every aspect of international dealings, and nations are just like individuals in that the lender sets the terms of its dealings with the borrower. That is why a nation that owes money to another nation cannot be a world leader.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the passage assumes that a nation that does not lend to any other nation cannot be a world leader.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7327, "premise": "If Zhang Sheng likes photography, he will like to travel; if he doesn't like photography, he will like to drive; but if Zhang Sheng doesn't like to travel, then he will not be interested in driving.", "hypothesis": "It can be concluded that like photography is correct based on the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8432, "premise": "A follow-up study on the impact of fathers' diet on offspring found that men-to-be fathers were more likely to develop obesity if they became obese due to overeating before the next generation. This probability had little to do with the mother's weight, while when the father-to-be was starved and experienced the threat of hunger, his children were more likely to develop cardiovascular disease. As a result, the study suggests that the diet of fathers-to-be affects the health of their offspring.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The father's nutritional status shapes the information he transmits from germ cells, which affects the physiological function of the child' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13623, "premise": "Sedimentary rock hardens within the earth' s crust as layers of matter accumulate and the pressure of the layers above converts the layers below into rock. One particular layer of sedimentary rock that contains an unusual amount of the element iridium has been presented as support for a theory that a meteorite collided with the earth some sixty million years ago. Meteorites are rich in iridium compared to the earth' s crust, and geologists theorize that a meteorite' s collision with the earth raised a huge cloud of iridium-laden dust. The dust, they say, eventually settled to earth where it combined with other matter, and as new layers accumulated above it, it formed a layer of iridium-rich rock.", "hypothesis": "A layer of sedimentary rock takes millions of years to harden would counter the claim that the iridium-rich layer described in the passage is evidence for the meteorite collision theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8686, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "Jiu Shang Station is on the westernmost side can be inferred if Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Hao Yun Station and is in the east of Hao Yun Station.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4361, "premise": "The common national language refers to the language used by people of the same nationality in production, life, and exchange of thoughts and feelings and contacts with each other.", "hypothesis": "Some abbreviations used by the rising Internet users nowadays is not part of the common national language.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14189, "premise": "Politician: It has been proposed that the national parks in our country be managed by private companies rather than the government. A similar privatization of the telecommunications industry has benefited consumers by allowing competition among a variety of telephone companies to improve service and force down prices. Ttherefore, the privatization of the national parks would probably benefit park visitors as well.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The privatization of the national parks would produce much less competition between different companies than did the privatization of the telecommunications industry' most weakens the politician's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2891, "premise": "It is known that there are 25 classmates in a certain class. Among the girls, there is a difference of 10 cm between the tallest and the shortest, and the difference between the tallest and the shortest among boys is 15 cm. Xiao Ming believes that based on the known information, as long as you know the specific height of the tallest boy and girl, or the average height of the boy and girl, you can determine the gap between the tallest and the lowest in the class.", "hypothesis": "According to the known information, even if the average height of boys and girls is known, the gap between the tallest and the lowest in the class cannot be determined best constitutes a refutation of Xiao Ming's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1663, "premise": "here are more than 130 enterprises producing infant formula in China, while there are only 4 enterprises in the United States. by contrast, the number of infants and young children who eat formula in the United States is much higher than that in China. Imagine that if only four enterprises produce formula milk powder, enterprises will cherish the value of their own brands and constantly strengthen their awareness of food safety. Any possible food safety risks will not be tolerated by the enterprises themselves. It is unthinkable to have a problem like melamine.", "hypothesis": "A company is a well-known manufacturer of infant formula milk powder in the United States, and melamine was found in a certain brand of formula milk powder they produced would most weaken the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1674, "premise": "As people's life and work gradually enter high-rise buildings, people have less exposure to daylight. It is found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D, and vitamin D is a key factor to promote calcium absorption. Therefore, some people have come to the conclusion that modern people are more likely to suffer from diseases such as osteoporosis caused by calcium deficiency.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"People with osteoporosis spend the same amount of time exposed to sunlight as others\" can most question the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12025, "premise": "Efraim: The popular press continually advises people to avoid various health risks. Yet by seeking to avoid health risks, people inevitably become anxious, and anxiety, in turn, poses a major health risk. Thus, paradoxical as it seems, simply disregarding journalists' advice about reducing health risks is bound to pose less of a health risk than does trying to follow any such advice. Felicity: But history shows that you are wrong. It was articles in the popular press that made people aware of the health risks posed by smoking cigarettes. Many people stopped smoking in response, and they led longer and healthier lives than they would have otherwise.", "hypothesis": "The point at issue between Efraim and Felicity is whether people can reduce risks to their health by heeding the advice of articles in the popular press.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4808, "premise": "The physicist Hawking believes: The danger of life on earth being wiped out by a certain disaster is increasing at an unprecedented rate, such as sudden global warming, nuclear war, genetic viruses or other dangers. On this basis, Hawking believes that the earth is getting more and more not suitable for human habitation, and puts forward the viewpoint of space immigration.", "hypothesis": "The dangers faced by mankind can be solved through the joint efforts of mankind can most questioned Hawking's view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10902, "premise": "In recent years, many cabinetmakers have been winning acclaim as artists. But since furniture must be useful, cabinetmakers must exercise their craft with an eye to the practical utility of their product. For this reason, cabinetmaking is not art.", "hypothesis": "An object is not an art object if its maker pays attention to the object's practical utility is an assumption that supports drawing the conclusion above from the reason given for that conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12986, "premise": "A business analysis of the Appenian railroad system divided its long-distance passenger routes into two categories: rural routes and interurban routes. The analysis found that, unlike the interurban routes, few rural routes carried a high enough passenger volume to be profitable. Closing unprofitable rural routes, however, will not necessarily enhance the profitability of the whole system, since__.", "hypothesis": "A large part of the passenger volume on interurban routes is accounted for by passengers who begin or end their journeys on rural routes most logically completes the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10404, "premise": "The Arctic region is rich in oil. natural gas. Mineral and fishery resources, its oil and gas reserves account for a quarter of the world's undeveloped oil and gas resources. Global warming is causing the Arctic ice to melt at a rate of 9 percent every 10 years, and the route through the Arctic Ocean along Russia's northern coastline connecting the Atlantic and the Pacific can travel tens of thousands of kilometers from Asia to Europe than the Panama Canal. Therefore, the development and utilization of the Arctic will bring enormous benefits to mankind", "hypothesis": "There have been many serious conflicts in the international community over the development of the Arctic, but the countries involved have calmly shelved or dealt with them in a low-key manner, if true, would weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7246, "premise": "Money worship refers to the worship of money.", "hypothesis": "The act of saying \"I only recognize money but not people\" at a meeting is money worship.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13108, "premise": "Meat from chickens contaminated with salmonella bacteria can cause serious food poisoning. Capsaicin, the chemical that gives chili peppers their hot flavor, has antibacterial properties. Chickens do not have taste receptors for capsaicin and will readily eat feed laced with capsaicin. When chickens were fed such feed and then exposed to salmonella bacteria, relatively few of them became contaminated with salmonella.", "hypothesis": "In deciding whether the feed would be useful in raising salmonella-free chicken for retail sale, it would be most helpful to determine whether capsaicin can be obtained only from chili peppers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 850, "premise": "Post-traumatic stress disorder is a sustained effect after suffering extreme catastrophic. After experiencing trauma, people have continuous, unnecessary, uncontrollable thoughts about unrelated events, a strong desire to avoid mentioning events, sleep disorders,  withdrawal from society and intense alertness anxiety disorder.", "hypothesis": "Yang Yang being bitten by a dog at his neighbor Aunt Zhang's house when he was a child, and never wanting to go to their house again is not classified as post-traumatic stress disorder.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2480, "premise": "A telescopic adaptive control system can perform different control functions according to the model, quantity and sequence of system components. The control system can only be composed of several of the five components A, B, C, D and E in order from left to right, and the combination of components into the control system must comply with the following laws: (1) two or more components can form the control system, and the components of the system can be the same or different; (2) Component A cannot appear on the leftmost side of the control system; (3) If component B exists in the system, it appears more than once; (4) In the control system, C can neither be the last component nor the penultimate component; (5) As long as component a appears, component B must appear; (6) If e is the last component, component B must appear.", "hypothesis": "The possible composition of the control system is DCAE.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2634, "premise": "Li Ming, Wang Bing and Jack Ma made the following predictions for stock A and stock B respectively: Li Ming: as long as stock A does not rise, stock B will not rise. Wang Bing: at least one of stock An and stock B does not rise. Jack Ma: stock A rises if and only if stock B.", "hypothesis": "If all three of the predictions are true, then both stock A and stock B rose fits their predictions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9264, "premise": "A school has seven outstanding students G, H, L, M, U, W and Z. During the summer vacation, the school will send them to England and the United States to study. Only these seven students from the school took part in the activity, and each of them happened to go to one of the two countries. Considering the specialty of each student, the following conditions must be met in this activity: (1) if G goes to the England, then H goes to the United States. (2) if L goes to England, then both M and U go to the United States. (3) the country where W goes is different from that of Z. (4) the country where U goes is different from that of G. (5) if Z goes to the England, H also goes to the England.", "hypothesis": "The complete and accurate list of students going to England is M, U, and W.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2920, "premise": "One seminar had 18 participants. It is known that :(1) At least 5 young teachers are female; (2) At least 6 female teachers are over middle age; (3) At least seven young women are teachers;", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, there are at least 13 female teachers can be concluded about the participants.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9425, "premise": "Advertising, cashing in the number of clicks and payment by members are the three main sources of income of the video platform at this stage. From the trend of domestic development in recent years, the payment mode of members of L video platform company is favored and sought after by domestic counterparts. From 2009 to 2018, the company's market capitalization increased about 60-fold and now stands out at $129.3 billion, making it an outstanding performer among many technology stocks. But even such a giant is now facing the pressure of membership growth, and this part of the income may not be able to fill the gap of its huge investment in the field of original content in the future.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, the click-through revenue of L company is not as good as that of other domestic video websites.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1746, "premise": "City slogans should be expressed in the most concise, accurate, infectious and understanding language to dig out the unique spiritual connotation and local characteristics of the city. In other words, conciseness, incisiveness, generalization and profundity should be the most basic characteristics and requirements of drawing up a city slogan in terms of language expression. On the other hand, the city slogans drawn up by some cities in our country are too redundant and far-fetched, either in the language expression, in the characteristic orientation, or in the quality excavation, so as to give people a sense of deliberate, blind or even impetuous.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that city slogans should highlight urban characteristics.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7200, "premise": "A person summed up the legendary experience of Bill Gates and Dale and found that the secret to their success was dropping out of college.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between dropping out of college and success that is believed by that person is that dropping out of college leads to the success of a person.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5960, "premise": "Green barriers refer to various measures that restrict or prohibit trade directly or indirectly adopted by some countries and international organizations to protect the ecological environment, the safety and health of humans, animals and plants through the formulation of environmental standards and regulations,A non-tariff trade barrier that affects trade.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the behavior of more than 10 tons of cotton yarn sold to Europe by a textile import and export company stopping exporting due to detection of azo dyes banned in Germany is a green barrier behavior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2959, "premise": "A province has made great efforts to develop the tourism industry. At present, three famous scenic spots have been formed: East Lake, West Island and Nanshan. Each scenic spot has three routes: two-day tour, three-day tour and four-day tour. Li Ming, Wang Gang and Zhang Bo plan to go to the above three places for a 9-day tour. Everyone has designed their own tourism plan. Later, it was found that the three of them chose different routes for each scenic spot: Li Ming's planned number of days to the East Lake was the same as Wang Gang's planned number of days to the West Island, Li Ming's plan to Nanshan was a three-day tour, and Wang Gang's plan to Nanshan was a four-day tour.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Li Ming plans a two-day tour of the East Lake and Wang Gang plans a two-day tour of the West Island is the correct option.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7364, "premise": "For some reason, Zhang and Li are faced with the choice of two schemes of A and B. If both people choose scheme A, they will each get three unit benefits; if one person chooses scheme A and the other chooses scheme B, then those who choose scheme A will get three unit benefits, and those who choose scheme B will get five unit benefits; if both people choose scheme B, they will each get two unit benefits. Assuming that both Zhang and Li calculate and act according to the standard of maximizing their own interests, they both understand the gains and losses of the above interests, and their choices are in order.", "hypothesis": "Based on this, it can be concluded that when Li chooses scheme A, Li will choose scheme A is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13608, "premise": "Fremont: Simpson is not a viable candidate for chief executive of Pod Oil because he has no background in the oil industry. Galindo: I disagree. An oil industry background is no guarantee of success. Look no further than Pod Oil' s last chief executive, who had decades of oil industry experience but steered the company to the brink of bankruptcy.", "hypothesis": "Galindo's argument is flawed because it fails to justify its presumption that Fremont's objection is based on personal bias.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6323, "premise": "Ocean is a natural extension of land through watersheds. In marine development activities, production links such as marine fishing, marine transportation, marine mineral development and marine aquaculture are jointly completed in the sea and watersheds; while the sea salt industry and seawater utilization are completed on the land. In addition, the development of modern science and technology promotes the progress of marine science and technology and the development of marine industries. At the same time, the development of marine high-tech and the emergence of new products have also promoted the scientific and technological progress of the basin and the development of related industries. Products are interactively developed through this technological extension.", "hypothesis": "The development of modern technology has promoted the convergence of sea and land economy is meant to illustrate.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7714, "premise": "Perspective conversion means that people observe and think the same thing or phenomenon from different angles to gain new understanding.", "hypothesis": "Mount Lu's mountains rise and fall from the front and from the side, and seen from afar, up close, high and low, Mount Lu takes on a variety of forms best illustrates the perspective conversion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6178, "premise": "The construction of rural community is still in the exploratory stage. The village to residence is not only a concrete manifestation of the development of urbanization, but also an inevitable requirement for the extension of public services to rural communities and allowing farmers to share the fruits of reform and development. For a long time, the urban-rural dual structure has led to the separation and development of cities and rural areas, the development of rural areas lags behind and the capacity of public services is weak. The village to residence in the tide of urbanization, It is necessary to break the institutional barriers of the separation of urban and rural areas, so that farmers can enjoy the same social security and public services as urban people according to local conditions. The level of economic development is different everywhere, and farmers have different requirements for public services, which determines the path of village to residence, the types of public services and the security level of rural communities must be different from village to village.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis is that the key to the smooth promotion of village to residence lies in adjusting measures to local conditions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3212, "premise": "After investigating the sports activities that students in a class like, it is found that students in this class either like playing basketball or badminton. If you like playing volleyball, you don't like playing badminton. The monitor of the class likes playing volleyball, so he also likes playing table tennis.", "hypothesis": "The most likely assumption of the above argument is that the students in this class only like basketball, badminton, volleyball and table tennis.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10922, "premise": "Biologists agree that human beings evolved from a fish, but they disagree about which species of fish. Since biologists agree that frogs are definitely related to the species of fish from which human beings evolved, on the basis of a close match between the mitochondrial DNA of lungfish and that of frogs Dr. Stevens-Hoyt claims that this ancestor must be lungfish. Dr. Grover, on the other hand, contends that mitochondrial DNA evolves too rapidly to be a reliable indicator of relationships between species over long periods of time, and citing the close chemical match between the hemoglobin of coelacanths (a saltwater fish) and that of tadpoles, claims that human beings must be descended from coelacanths.", "hypothesis": "It is an assumption that both parties to the dispute use as a starting point for their arguments about human evolution accurately describes the role played in the dispute above by the proposition that frogs are definitely related to the species of fish from which human beings evolved.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3156, "premise": "A study shows that if the mass of a neutron star exceeds 3.22 times the mass of the sun, neutrons cannot compete with their own gravity, resulting in neutron collapse.", "hypothesis": "The view that no matter in nature can support the gravity caused by matter more than 3.22 times the mass of the sun supports the above inference strongly.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9769, "premise": "If it is said that the painting Riverside Scene at Qingming Festival reflects the vulgar side of life in the Song Dynasty, Xiyuan Ya Collection is the symbol of elegance. Xiyuan Ya Ji, which was widely told in the Northern Song Dynasty, showed the banquet scenes of many literati at that time. Su Shi, Li Gonglin and Mi Fu gathered together to recite poems and lyrics, or to caress the piano and sing, or to meditate and ask Zen, forming a literati circle with Su Shi as the center. The painter Li Gonglin depicts the elegant collection in a realistic way, with a preface to rice, saying, the gurgling of water and stone, the swallowing of wind and bamboo, the square curl of furnace smoke, and the self-sweetness of vegetation. The joy of emptiness in the world, but so much. Xiyuan Ya Collection is a classic motif in the history of ancient painting, and many future generations of painters have copies or imitations, which is also a continuation of the spirit of the Song Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is explaining the literati's interest and spiritual value in the Xiyuan Ya Collection.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9565, "premise": "At present, many colleges and universities stipulate that graduate students must publish a certain number of academic articles before graduation, which are linked to the qualifications for obtaining a degree. The university believes that the publication of papers by graduate students during their study will help to improve their academic level and enhance their academic ability, which can not only achieve the goal of personnel training, but also expand the popularity of the school. However, recently, a university has cancelled the requirement that the publication of graduate papers is linked to the qualification of degrees, which has been recognized by many graduate mentors. They believe that this rule is more conducive to the cultivation of the academic ability of graduate students in the university.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Many tutors in the school guide a number of graduate students and need to spend a lot of time revising students' submitted papers\" can best support the views of the above graduate mentors.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6988, "premise": "Poetry must not only stay in the paper media, but should make full use of the stage, film and television and other platforms, so that it can be accepted by the people and maintain long-term vitality. Many excellent poetry works are highly artistic. In the process of going to the stage and film and television, they incorporate the performers' understanding and feelings, and carry out the second artistic creation of poetry, supplemented by sound, optoelectronics and other forms of modern art expression. it greatly improves the appreciation of poetry.", "hypothesis": "The correct answer is that the popularization of poetry needs the help of stage, film and television and other art forms loved by the people.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9613, "premise": "In the technical aspect of film performance, in fact, digital technology has replaced homologous imaging technology, and feature films constructed by computer-produced images have emerged. Computer-produced images are no longer limited to simple special effects, they make up all the montage in the film, and the main characters are all or partly computer-produced . During the release and projection of the film, the textured film rolls, the noisy sound of the projector, or the image editing table, as well as the metal boxes that flow between cinemas, are disappearing from our sight one by one and become a thing of the past.", "hypothesis": "The most appropriate summary of the context is that Homologous imaging technology has become history at the technical level of filmmaking.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 672, "premise": "Rationalization: it refers to the phenomenon that people will come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after setbacks.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Hong said to accompany her classmates to the hospital, because she was questioned by her parents after returning home late does not belong to this category.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7349, "premise": "M University student Xiao Duan suddenly became seriously ill, and a classmate secretly donated money to help. After Xiao Duan turned from crisis to safety, he wanted to know who made the donation. He asked five students and got the following answers: (1) Either A donated or B donated; (2) If A donated, then C also donated; (3) If B did not donate, then D donated; (4) Neither A nor B donated. In fact, only one sentence of the five students'answers was yes fake.", "hypothesis": "It can be concluded that D donated based on this.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10863, "premise": "Political analyst: Several years ago, McFarlane, the military dictator, had Brooks, the former prime minister, arrested on charges of corruption. After years of negotiation, McFarlane has pardoned Brooks, and she has agreed to join his government. Almost all of McFarlane' s supporters believe that Brooks is guilty of corruption. Moreover, almost all of McFarlane' s opponents will oppose anyone who agrees to join his government. So Brooks will have few supporters in this country.", "hypothesis": "The political analyst's argument depends on the assumption that Brooks's joining McFarlane's government inappropriately gives that government a semblance of legitimacy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13514, "premise": "Large deposits of the rare mineral nahcolite formed in salty lakes 50 million to 52 million years ago during the Eocene epoch. Laboratory tests found that, in salty water, nahcolite can form only when the atmosphere contains at least 1, 125 parts per million of carbon dioxide.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The atmosphere contained at least 1, 125 parts per million of carbon dioxide during at least some part of the Eocene epoch' most strongly supports the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6431, "premise": "The flow compression device and the electron injector convert the pulse high voltage into an electron beam. The high-intensity electromagnetic field accelerates it in a long electron gun and ejects it into the current-collecting accelerator through the electron nozzle as a medium for forming and accelerating protons.", "hypothesis": "Electron beam is correct about what it refers to.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11630, "premise": "In the country of Marut, the Foreign Trade Agency' s records were reviewed in 1994 in light of information then newly available about neighboring Goro. The review revealed that in every year since 1963, the agency' s projection of what Goro' s gross national product(GNP) would be five years later was a serious underestimate. The review also revealed that in every year since 1963, the agency estimated Goro' s GNP for the previous year--a Goro state secret--very accurately.", "hypothesis": "The claim that 'Even before the new information came to light, the agency had reason to think that at least some of the five-year projections it had made were inaccurate' is most strongly supported by the statement given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13214, "premise": "Libel is defined as damaging the reputation of someone by making false statements. Ironically, strong laws against libel can make it impossible for anyone in the public eye to have a good reputation. For the result of strong libel laws is that, for fear of lawsuits, no one will say anything bad about public figures.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'In countries with strong libel laws, people make negative statements about public figures only when such statements can be proved' most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14436, "premise": "Homeowners aged 40 to 50 are more likely to purchase ice cream and are more likely to purchase it in larger amounts than are members of any other demographic group. The popular belief that teenagers eat more ice cream than adults must, ttherefore, be false.", "hypothesis": "The argument is flawed primarily because the author fails to distinguish between purchasing and consuming.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4967, "premise": "The crime of assembling a crowd to robbery refers to the act of gathering a crowd to rob public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession, in a large amount or with other serious circumstances.", "hypothesis": "Must snatch gold and silver jewelry is not a conviction element.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8892, "premise": "For listed companies, only companies with dividend-sharing can issue new shares. However, if a business has dividend-sharing, it does not need capital. If it needs financing, there is no way to dividend-sharing.", "hypothesis": "A listed company does not need financing, it will definitely dividend-sharing cannot be true if the above statements are true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11039, "premise": "In yesterday' s council election a majority of voters supported conservative candidates, and a majority of voters supported candidates who voted in favor of the antipollution act. Ttherefore, it must be that a majority of voters in yesterday' s council election supported conservative candidates who voted in favor of the antipollution act.", "hypothesis": "An argument that contains flawed reasoning most similar to the flawed reasoning in the argument above is: According to Sara, most children like pies. According to Robert, most children like blueberries. So if Sara and Robert are both right, it must be that most children like pies that contain blueberries.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2480, "premise": "A telescopic adaptive control system can perform different control functions according to the model, quantity and sequence of system components. The control system can only be composed of several of the five components A, B, C, D and E in order from left to right, and the combination of components into the control system must comply with the following laws: (1) two or more components can form the control system, and the components of the system can be the same or different; (2) Component A cannot appear on the leftmost side of the control system; (3) If component B exists in the system, it appears more than once; (4) In the control system, C can neither be the last component nor the penultimate component; (5) As long as component a appears, component B must appear; (6) If e is the last component, component B must appear.", "hypothesis": "The possible composition of the control system is CBBE.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4905, "premise": "I don't know who ate the cake on the table. Here are the answers of the four people in the room. A said, B ate it. B said, d ate it. C said, I didn't eat it. d said, B was lying. only one of the four said the truth,", "hypothesis": "It can be judged from this that D told the truth and C ate it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4564, "premise": "In a group,  thumb a lift refers to the phenomenon that individuals benefit from other members of the group without doing anything. The sucker effect refers to the phenomenon that when individuals find that some members of the group enjoy free riding, individuals will reduce their efforts, that is, individuals prefer to reduce their efforts and bear the consequences of reduced returns, rather than become a sucker and be thumb a lift by others.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Jiang's lack of initiative in designing posters and picture books for the academic forum of the whole university belongs to the straw effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13325, "premise": "Male bowerbirds construct elaborately decorated nests, or bowers. Basing their judgment on the fact that different local populations of bowerbirds of the same species build bowers that exhibit different building and decorative styles, researchers have concluded that the bowerbirds' building styles are a culturally acquired, rather than a genetically transmitted, trait.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Young male bowerbirds are inept at bowerbuilding and apparently spend years watching their elders before becoming accomplished in the local bower style' would most strengthen the conclusion drawn by the researchers.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12739, "premise": "The general availability of high-quality electronic scanners and color printers for computers has made the counterfeiting of checks much easier. In order to deter such counterfeiting, several banks plan to issue to their corporate customers checks that contain dots too small to be accurately duplicated by any electronic scanner currently available; when such checks are scanned and printed, the dots seem to blend together in such a way that the word VOID appears on the check.", "hypothesis": "A questionable assumption of the plan is that the smallest dots on the proposed checks cannot be distinguished visually except under strong magnification.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4297, "premise": "Someone wrote in a letter: I saw platypus eggs in Manchester a few years ago, so I ignorantly laughed at the stupid view that mammals lay eggs, and it is finally confirmed.", "hypothesis": "It can be seen from the letter that the writer wrongly believed that platypus can't lay eggs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1281, "premise": "In a sense, pilot tour guides practice freely, build a unified reservation platform for tour guides with the help of Internet technology, and let tour guides and consumers make a two-way choice under a transparent mechanism, which is conducive to the symmetry of information between the two sides. so that the market pricing tends to be more scientific and reasonable. The tour guide is no longer restricted by the profit target of the travel agency, and can rely on his real ability to eat. This can not only effectively contain the chaos related to the tourism market, but also help to return the value of tour guides to the services they provide. In this way, will the real improvement of domestic tourism ecology be far away?", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that the free practice of tour guides is conducive to curbing chaos in the tourism market.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3224, "premise": "A charitable foundation received an unsigned donation. After investigation, it was learned that it was donated by Lin Chuan, Wu Fei, Zheng Fu and one of Guo Bo. When asked, Lin Chuan said, I didn't donate, Zheng Fu said: it was donated by Wu Fei, Wu Fei said: it was donated by Guo Bo, and Guo Bo said: it wasn't donated by me.", "hypothesis": "Lin Chuan lied and donated it is true if only one of the four speaks the truth.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8062, "premise": "While studying Williams syndrome, Canadian scientists accidentally found that people with musical and mathematical talents are actually caused by genetic disorders and that the same genetic disorder may also lead to mental illness such as schizophrenia. Most children born with Williams syndrome misarrange 20 genes on chromosome 7. This happens to one out of every 20,000 people in the world.", "hypothesis": "The significance of chromosome 7 to human beings is most likely to be highlighted by the author next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13234, "premise": "On average, the number of speeding tickets issued in County X every year is three times greater than the number of speeding tickets issued in County Y during the same period. Ttherefore, the number of people who exceed the speed limit must be higher in County X than in County Y.", "hypothesis": "The argument fails to take into account that a single driver can receive more than one ticket in a given year describes a flaw in the reasoning above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12384, "premise": "Printwell' s Ink Jet Division manufactures ink-jet printers and the ink cartridges they use. Sales of its ink-jet printers have increased. Monthly revenues from those sales, however, have not increased, because competition has forced Printwell to cut the prices of its printers. Unfortunately, Printwell has been unable to bring down the cost of manufacturing a printer. Thus, despite the increase in printer sales, the Ink Jet Division must be contributing less to the company' s profits than it used to.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Unlike some competing companies, Printwell sells all of its printers through retailers, and these retailers' costs account for a sizable proportion of the printers' ultimate retail price' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6487, "premise": "Should our intellectuals, like Jacobs, come forward to teach the truth to power and bravely shoulder the social responsibility of intellectuals?", "hypothesis": "The option \"Our intellectuals lack the courage to bear the corresponding social responsibility\" cannot be inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8620, "premise": "Teacher Wu, Teacher Zhang, Teacher Sun, and Teacher Su are all teachers in a certain school, and each only teaches one course in Chinese, biology, physics, and chemistry. Known: \u2460If Mr. Wu teaches Chinese, then Mr. Zhang does not teach students \u2461Or Mr. Sun teaches Chinese, or Mr. Wu teaches Chinese \u2462If Mr. Zhang does not teach biology, then Mrs. Su also does not teach physics \u2463Or Mrs. Wu does not teach chemistry, Or Mr. Su teaches physics", "hypothesis": "If Teacher Su does not teach physics, then it can be deduced that Teacher Sun teaches Chinese.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2311, "premise": "The latest report by an international paleontology research team stated that the southern tortoises that lived in South Africa 280 million years ago are the ancestors of modern tortoises, and they survived large-scale species extinction events from the Permian to Triassic. At that time, In order to avoid the harsh natural environment, they work hard to digging holes. At the same time, to ensure that the forelimb digging action is strong enough, the body needs a stable support, which leads to the continuous widening of the ribs. It can be seen that the tortoise has a shell to adapt to the environment, not for protection, but to digging holes in the ground.", "hypothesis": "The premise of the above argument is that the tortoise shell evolved from the tortoise's ribs gradually widening.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12200, "premise": "Every fall Croton' s jays migrate south. The jays always join flocks of migrating crookbeaks with which they share the same summer and winter territories. If a jay becomes separated from the crookbeaks it is accompanying, it wanders until it comes across another flock of crookbeaks. Clearly, ttherefore, Croton' s jays lack the navigational ability to find their way south on their own.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the spring, Croton's jays migrate north in the company of Tattersall warblers' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6187, "premise": "Over the past 100 years, the debate over the correctness of Darwin's theory of evolution has never stopped. The emerging scientific facts not only make up for the missing links that Darwin did not find in those years, but also test the prediction ability of Darwin's theory of evolution. For example, the fossil tiktalik fish found in Canada in 2004 reveals the evolution from fish (fins) to terrestrial animals (legs). The transition state between is recognized as an excellent example of germline gradual change theory. Of course, Darwin's theory of evolution is not perfect, and it does have falsifiability. Taking the theory of natural selection as an example, it was strongly challenged at the beginning of the establishment of Mendelian genetics. However, all kinds of new evidence that cannot be simply explained by the theory of natural selection eventually expanded people's understanding of the dynamics and mechanism of evolution, rather than abandoning the theory.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above text is to show that Darwin's theory of evolution is falsifiable, taking the challenge of Mendelian genetics to the theory of natural selection as an example.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3030, "premise": "According to the continental drift hypothesis, many separate continents were now part of a large land mass in prehistoric times. The land began to break up because of the movement of the earth's crust. From this theory, it can be inferred that the east coast of South America was originally connected to the west coast of Africa.", "hypothesis": "The language used by the ancient tribes living in South America is very similar to that used by some tribes in West Africa best supports the above conjecture.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 691, "premise": "Execution in criminal procedure: refers to various activities carried out by the people's court to deliver legally effective judgments and orders to the executing organ, implement their determined contents, and deal with litigation problems in litigation.", "hypothesis": "C prison accepts a group of criminal criminals sentenced by a city court and carries out prison education conforms to executed in criminal proceedings according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13473, "premise": "The desire for praise is the desire to obtain, as a sign that one is good, the favorable opinions of others. But because people merit praise only for those actions motivated by a desire to help others, it follows that one who aids others primarily out of a desire for praise does not deserve praise for that aid.", "hypothesis": "An action that is motivated by a desire for the favorable opinion of others cannot also be motivated by a desire to help others, if assumed, enables the conclusion of the argument to be properly drawn.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14702, "premise": "To prevent a newly built dam on the Chiff River from blocking the route of fish migrating to breeding grounds upstream, the dam includes a fish pass, a mechanism designed to allow fish through the dam. Before the construction of the dam and fish pass, several thousand fish a day swam upriver during spawning season. But in the first season after the project's completion, only 300 per day made the journey. Clearly, the fish pass is defective.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The construction of the dam stirred up potentially toxic river sediments that were carried downstream' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13654, "premise": "City council member: Demand for electricity has been increasing by 1. 5 percent a year, and there simply is no more space to build additional power plants to meet future demand increases. We must ttherefore begin to curtail usage, which is why I propose passing ordinances requiring energy-conservation measures in all city departments.", "hypothesis": "The city council member's proposal assumes that city departments that successfully conserve energy will set a good example for residential and industrial consumers of electricity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 169, "premise": "Declarative knowledge is knowledge about what is the world, which can be stated directly, and the required psychological process mainly is the memory. Proceduralknowledge is knowledge about how to do, which cannot be stated directly, but can only be inferred through a certain form to predict its existence.", "hypothesis": "The capital of the United States is Washington is declarative knowledge, and addition and subtraction operation requires procedural knowledge is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4437, "premise": "Archimedes will be remembered forever, and the playwright Aeschylus will be forgotten, because language will die and mathematical ideas will not die.", "hypothesis": "This argument may imply that Aeschylus is not a good writer, except for the following premises.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10861, "premise": "Twenty years ago, Balzania put in place regulations requiring operators of surface mines to pay for the reclamation of mined-out land. Since then, reclamation technology has not improved. Yet, the average reclamation cost for a surface coal mine being reclaimed today is only four dollars per ton of coal that the mine produced, less than half what it cost to reclaim surface mines in the years immediately after the regulations took effect.", "hypothesis": "Mine operators have generally ceased surface mining in the mountainous areas of Balzania because reclamation costs per ton of coal produced are particularly high for mines in such areas most helps to account for the drop in reclamation costs described.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9127, "premise": "When a star in the entertainment industry was accused of evading personal income tax, she defended herself: over the years, I have paid millions of yuan in personal income tax, which is more than my cousin's state-owned machinery factory. Is this also a sin? ", "hypothesis": "The attributes of a part are usually not owned by the whole made up of it is a correct description of the flaws in the above defense.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8408, "premise": "The winter of 2020 seems to come earlier than usual. Before November, there was the first snowfall and the temperature dropped below zero in some parts of our country. According to this, the winter of 2020 will be the coldest winter in China in 60 years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Under the condition of global warming, the average temperature in winter in China has shown an upward trend in recent years' most weakens the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10102, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "If you are caught doing something stupid on the spot, you will admit your bad luck has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5052, "premise": "Almost all mathematicians are like this: they can identify correct proofs and the invalidity of incorrect proofs, although they cannot define the exact meaning of a proof.", "hypothesis": "Some mathematicians do not recognize correct proofs, but they can recognize incorrect proofs must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14967, "premise": "At any given time, approximately fifteen percent of all homes in Florida are on the market. In Texas, however, only seven percent of all homes are on the market at any given time. Ttherefore, one will have a wider selection of homes to choose from if one looks for a home in Florida rather than in Texas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The total number of homes in Florida is three times greater than the total number in Texas' would most strongly strengthen the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12826, "premise": "It is crucially important to farmers that the herbicides they use to control weeds do not damage their crops. One very effective herbicide is safe for corn, but soybeans are damaged even by the herbicide' s residue, which remains in the soil more than a year after the herbicide is applied. Soybeans and corn are not sown together in the same field; nevertheless, most farmers are reluctant to use the herbicide on their corn.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'To maintain the nutrients in the soil, corn and soybeans are often planted in a field in alternate years' provides the strongest justification for the farmers' reluctance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2763, "premise": "Thoroughbred horse racing is an expensive commodity. A disease caused by genetic defects threatens thoroughbred horses, ranging from loss of racing ability to paralysis and even death. Therefore, horse breeders believe that once such defects are found, horse breeding should be stopped. This view is one-sided. Because generally speaking, this disease can be controlled through diet and medical treatment. In addition, horses with such genetic defects are often particularly beautiful, which is what equestrian performances pay special attention to.", "hypothesis": "The breeding of horses with genetic defects should not be absolutely prohibited most accurately summarizes the conclusion to be demonstrated by the title stem.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10638, "premise": "While biodiversity is indispensable to the survival of life on Earth, biodiversity does not require the survival of every currently existing species. For there to be life on Earth, various ecological niches must be filled; many niches, however, can be filled by more than one species.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"biodiversity does not require that all existing species continue to exist\" most accurately expresses the conclusion drawn in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7954, "premise": "If a court juror is too professional, he may lose the normal vision of an ordinary person due to a strong professional perspective. The law is formulated for ordinary people, and it needs ordinary people to obey it to be effective. Similarly, the judicial process also needs ordinary people. Institutionalized participation.", "hypothesis": "The text addresses the question of how the law can be effectively complied with.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2163, "premise": "Consumption lag refers to the average consumption level that personal consumption lags behind the national economic development and personal household income. Consumption ahead means that the current income level is not enough to buy the products or services needed now, in the form of loans, installments, advances and other forms of consumption.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, college student Li buying a well-known brand computer through a loan platform belongs to consumption ahead.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8137, "premise": "Recently, researchers have found that fever can promote the transfer of lymphocytes to the infected site. This is because fever increases the expression of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) in T lymphocytes, which binds to integrins and promotes T lymphocytes to adhere to blood vessels and eventually accelerate migration to the site of infection, they explained.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Not only fever, but also other stress can induce the expression of Hsp90 in T lymphocytes' does not support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14765, "premise": "Editorial: An arrest made by a Midville police officer is provisional until the officer has taken the suspect to the police station and the watch commander has officially approved the arrest. Such approval is denied if the commander judges that the evidence on which the provisional arrest is based is insufficient. A government efficiency expert has found that almost all provisional arrests meet standards for adequacy of evidence that watch commanders enforce. The expert ttherefore recommends that the <b> watch commander' s approval should no longer be required </b> since the officers' time spent obtaining approval is largely wasted. <b> This recommendation should be rejected as dangerous </b>, however, since there is no assurance that the watch commanders' standards will continue to be observed once approval is no longer required.", "hypothesis": "The first is a recommendation made by the editorial and the second acknowledges a potential objection against that recommendation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1281, "premise": "In a sense, pilot tour guides practice freely, build a unified reservation platform for tour guides with the help of Internet technology, and let tour guides and consumers make a two-way choice under a transparent mechanism, which is conducive to the symmetry of information between the two sides. so that the market pricing tends to be more scientific and reasonable. The tour guide is no longer restricted by the profit target of the travel agency, and can rely on his real ability to eat. This can not only effectively contain the chaos related to the tourism market, but also help to return the value of tour guides to the services they provide. In this way, will the real improvement of domestic tourism ecology be far away?", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that the free practice of tour guides is conducive to improving the domestic tourism ecology.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10655, "premise": "Film historians often find it difficult to determine typical audience members' responses to particular films, especially those from the early twentieth century. Box office figures help little, for they indicate only a film' s financial success or failure; they do not show what audiences found funny, or frightening, or moving. These historians also find that newspaper and magazine reviews fail to provide much insight.", "hypothesis": "The statement that films from the early part of the twentieth century were not usually reviewed in newspapers or magazines is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10844, "premise": "In a town containing a tourist attraction, hotel and restaurant revenues each increased more rapidly over the past year than did revenue from the sale of passes to the attraction, which are valid for a full year. This led those in charge of the attraction to hypothesize that visitors were illicitly selling or sharing the passes.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Those possessing passes made more frequent trips to the attraction last year than in previous years' does not help to undermine the hypothesis of those in charge of the tourist attraction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3478, "premise": "Nutrition bowl is generally used to grow cotton seedlings in southern China. However, the use of nutrient bowl to raise cotton seedlings often encounters the problem of grass damage, which seriously inhibits the growth and development of cotton seedlings. Grass damage is only caused by one of the following two reasons: first, the newly selected seedling bed is too late to plough, leaving the residual weeds to reproduce; Second, the fertilizer that is not completely decomposed is applied, and the weed seeds are brought into the seedbed to make them reproduce rapidly. Therefore, to apply herbicides after cotton sowing and before emergence, you can choose lasso emulsion or dur emulsion, which can effectively prevent the harm of weeds.", "hypothesis": "The use of cotton nutrition bowl will not encounter grass damage can be inferred if there is no effect of weed propagation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1819, "premise": "For a long time, because China pursues a defensive national defense policy, the division of war zone space is basically based on local and offshore defense according to the border guard model.The tentacles of military strategists seldom extend beyond the territory, but the development crisis facing our country in the future will be far greater than the survival crisis. In order to meet the new requirements of safeguarding national security and development interests, we should bring the surrounding overseas and new security areas into the scope of the war zone strategy and further expand the theater mission functions.Don't be more outward-oriented and open-minded! In particular, with the development of multipolarization globalization and informatization, the traditional national security field has expanded to space network information electromagnetism and other fields. In the future, the strategic scope of the war zone should be further extended to space, that is, near space, so as to form a strong multi-dimensional three-dimensional war zone space situation.", "hypothesis": "The practice of our country that this paragraph is intended to indicate is the economic strategy of the national defense theater should conform to the requirements of the times.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 492, "premise": "As a representative of high technology content, intelligence and industrial concentration in the manufacturing industry, the automobile industry has become the first position of industry 4.0 in Germany. If China's automobile manufacturing industry, which has been in the 2.0 industrial thinking for a long time, wants to occupy a place in the world, it is essential to carry out technological innovation and reform and experienced senior talents. And high salary and welfare have become the magic weapon to attract talents.", "hypothesis": "Without technological reform, China's automobile manufacturing industry cannot occupy a place in the world can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9326, "premise": "The paddy field is not only a rice planting area, but also a farm where the rice is perfumed and the fish is fat and shrimp is strong. Traditional dwarf rice is densely planted because of the pursuit of maximum yield. In addition, the plant stalk is short and the space in the paddy field is narrow, resulting in poor air circulation and reduced effective oxygen content in the water. The high-stalk rice has a tall plant type, luxuriant leaves and a high canopy, and the plant spacing is relatively sparse, which can provide a good habitat for rice field animals such as frogs, fish and loach, and has the advantage of being suitable for the combination of planting and breeding. The problem of insufficient air convection and insufficient space above the paddy field caused by too dense plants. Compared with the current common paddy field comprehensive planting and breeding model, the economic benefits of this model are significantly improved, which will greatly enhance the enthusiasm of farmers for planting.", "hypothesis": "This passage is intended to illustrate the cultivation of high stalk rice, which provides a good habitat for animals raised in paddy fields.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8386, "premise": "In the development of society and daily life, the decisions of enterprises and families are not only affected by visible costs, but also restricted by a variety of accounting books, but actually occupy the hidden costs of relevant manpower and material resources. Invisible cost, like dark matter, is difficult to observe, but its size and trend can be inferred from its impact on related economic activities. From the perspective of social development, if policy makers want to comprehensively reduce the cost of economic activities and reduce the burden on enterprises and families, in addition to giving concessions in visible costs such as taxes and fees, reducing hidden costs is also a very important part.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this paragraph is 'The key to decision-making is cost reduction.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4658, "premise": "Administrative Emergency: it refers to the system that the state administrative organ exercises emergency functions and powers to control and deal with public emergencies.", "hypothesis": "Public access offices shall take measures against individual visitors who disturb its office order does not belong to Administrative Emergency according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8674, "premise": "Zhang Ming, Li Ying, Wang Jia and Chen Rui work in a team. They come from Jiangsu, Anhui, Fujian and Shandong provinces. Each of them can speak only one dialect of their native place. It is known that Fujian people can speak Minnan dialect, Shandong people have the highest academic qualifications, and they can speak Central Plains Mandarin. Wang Jia is less educated than Fujian people. Li Ying speaks Huizhou dialect and works with classmates from Jiangsu. Chen Rui doesn't understand Minnan dialect.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, Zhang Ming can speak Minnan dialect can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7555, "premise": "Tent Theory: the capacity of a tent depends not only on the area of the tent, but also on the height of the bamboo poles that support it. The higher the bamboo pole, the bigger the tent capacity. It is a metaphor for using core competence to drive other factors and finally gain competitive advantage.", "hypothesis": "In a football match held by a municipal agency, the second team of the agency unexpectedly defeated the first team of the agency with two former provincial team players and won the championship does not conform to the tent theory.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13887, "premise": "Politician: The level of violence in the United States is higher than that in every other industrialized country. Some people attribute this entirely to a lenient judicial system, but this cannot be right, for the judicial systems in many other industrialized countries are just as lenient.", "hypothesis": "The politician's argument attempts to undermine the explanation by arguing that the purported fact it is intended to explain is actually untrue.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13070, "premise": "A recent poll found that over 80 percent of the residents of Nalmed Province favored a massive expansion of the commuter rail system as a means of significantly easing congestion on the province' s highways and were willing to help pay for the expansion through an increase in their taxes. Nevertheless, the poll results indicate that expansion of the rail system, if successfully completed, would be unlikely to achieve its goal of easing congestion, because __.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"of the less than 20 percent of residents not counted as favoring the expansion, about half claimed to have no opinion one way or the other\" most logically completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6318, "premise": "Neutrino is a kind of basic particle, which plays a very important role in the macro origin and evolution of the universe. Because it has no mass and no charge, and the interaction with other substances is extremely weak, the motion trajectory of neutrino will not change. Those neutrinos from the distant universe, from the edge of black holes or from the birthplace of cosmic rays can tell human beings where sources are and can even help us explore the black hole.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this paragraph is \"Untouchable: invisible neutrinos.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4086, "premise": "Road rage means driving in a rage, changing lanes randomly, overtaking another car, etc, a kind of mental illness called intermittent, fulminant disorder (IED). studies have found that the proportion of IED patients who test positive for Toxoplasma gondii is twice that of the non-IED group. Researchers believe that Toxoplasma gondii infection may be the culprit leading to IED including road rage.", "hypothesis": "Toxoplasma gondii is a protozoan parasite found in cats, but cats are tame docile does not support the researchers point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10860, "premise": "The primary task of a university is to educate. But to teach well, professors must be informed about new developments in their disciplines, and that requires research. Yet many universities cannot afford to support faculty research adequately. So a lack of funds for research adversely affects the degree to which a university can fulfill its central mission.", "hypothesis": "Lack of funds for research reduces the quality of education a university provides is the conclusion of the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6074, "premise": "The evaluation of a scientific work can not be simply reduced to the size of a number, and no number can replace peer review and the specific analysis and historical test of the scientific significance of the work; A good evaluation index can provide more accurate information and make the corresponding evaluation more objective and fair.", "hypothesis": "The key to evaluating scientific work is to establish a scientific evaluation index system.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "If you are caught doing something stupid on the spot, you will admit your bad luck has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5895, "premise": "Not long ago, there were many people type typography, morning paper sending and mechanical typing, and some people were skilled in these occupations. Today, these occupations have disappeared from society. Due to the development of genetic technology, it may help Mankind solves the problem of myopia, a few years later, today's very prosperous glasses industry may also tend to disappear.", "hypothesis": "Lifelong education is the general trend of future education development can be derived from the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15145, "premise": "Psychologists have found that candidates for top political offices who blink excessively during televised debates are judged by viewers to have done less well than competing candidates who exhibit average blink rates. Any impact this phenomenon has on election results is surely deleterious: Many features -- knowledgeableness, confidence, and so forth -- contribute to a political official' s ability to perform well in office, but having an average blink rate is certainly not such a feature.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Voters' judgments about candidates' debate performances rarely affect the results of national elections' most weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10240, "premise": "The psychological pressure of lying can lead to some physical changes, according to an expert from the Ministry of Public Security. With the help of the lie detector, the physiological representation of the liar can be measured, so that the lie detection result is reliable.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'All kinds of psychological stress can lead to similar physiological representations' weakens the above argument most strongly.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5919, "premise": "One of the truths of the advertising industry is that it is rarely necessary to use words and phrases with content in advertising. All advertising needs to do is to attract the attention of potential customers, because memory will contribute to everything. In terms of product sales, customers are The memory of a product is more important than the understanding of certain characteristics of the product.", "hypothesis": "The author's view is that people do not need to have a deep understanding of a product to be able to remember it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2139, "premise": "Emotional advertising is an advertising strategy that appeals to consumers' emotions or emotional responses to convey the added value or emotional satisfaction brought to them by the product. The value of this emotion in the minds of consumers may far exceed the value of the product itself, so that Consumers form a positive brand attitude. According to the above definition,", "hypothesis": "The slogan of a certain brand of diapers: \"Baby is in a good mood every day, mother must be more beautiful\" is not emotional advertising.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10432, "premise": "Wang Gang: It is confirmed that more than 80% of heroin users have a history of smoking marijuana. Such data seem to suggest that marijuana use will definitely lead to heroin use. Li Yan: Maybe marijuana use does lead to heroin use, but citing the statistics you mentioned to prove this is absurd, because 100% of heroin users have a history of drinking water.", "hypothesis": "Li Yan showed that Wang Gang's argument is flawed by showing that it will lead to a clearly false conclusion in response to Wang Gang's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9543, "premise": "The researchers used X-rays to take images of rhesus monkeys making various sounds as they ate, yawned and yelled at each other. The results show that macaques can easily make many different sounds, including the five most basic vowels in the English alphabet. The researchers speculate that rhesus monkeys cannot speak thousands of words and complete sentences because their brains are different from those of humans.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The rich language expression ability of human beings mainly comes from the unique highly developed language functional areas of the brain' if true, best supports the above researchers' conjecture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4646, "premise": "Attention is a psychological state that selectively points to and focuses on a certain object or activity. attention can be divided into intentional attention and unintentional attention according to whether it is generated and maintained out of conscious intention and effort.", "hypothesis": "The students' state of immediately taking out their books and writing down the scope of the examination announced by Mr. Liu belongs to intentional attention according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10389, "premise": "A number of Chinese universities have held four job fairs in Toronto, New York, Boston and San Francisco. A survey of questionnaires conducted by Chinese students attending the job fairs shows that 67% of them want to return home to work, and 33% will seriously consider the option of returning home. It can be seen that working in the United States has lost its attraction to foreign students, and it has become a common practice for people to want to return home.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Among the Chinese students in North America, those who do not intend to return to work did not attend the job fair' is the most powerful way to weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10306, "premise": "When there is inflation or economic overheating in a country, the government often adopts tight monetary policies such as tightening monetary policy, raising interest rates, raising the discount rate and so on. However, in 1990, in order to suppress the excessively high stock market and real estate bubbles, the Japanese government continued to increase the discount rate, which finally led to deflation, which led to the stagnation of the Japanese economy for more than a decade. From 1995 to 1996, in order to curb the asset price bubble, the Central Bank of Thailand continuously tightened monetary policy, continued to raise interest rates, curbed investment and consumption, and led to the Great Recession.Based on this, it can be concluded that", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The use of monetary policy can control economic development' is most appropriate as the conclusion of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14632, "premise": "Psychologist: Some have argued that Freudian psychotherapy is the most effective kind because it is so difficult and time consuming. But surely this does not follow. Similar reasoning -- e. g. , concluding that a car-repair chain has the most effective technique for repairing cars because the cars it services receive so much work and spend so much time in the shop -- would never be accepted.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning technique employed by the psychologist is that of attempting to undermine an argument by presenting an analogous argument whose conclusion is thought to be obviously false.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6736, "premise": "Human beings have been proud of their evolution away from nature, and they are proud to conquer nature with rational iron hoofs. However, take a look at the historical books of mankind that are full of gold and iron horses, think about the nuclear arsenal that can destroy the earth dozens of times, and count the species that are dying out every day because of ecological deterioration. Our human existence as a species, as a link in the earth's biosphere, how much better than other creatures in nature?", "hypothesis": "The original intention of the author in writing this passage was to point out the mistake of human beings' understanding that they are superior to other creatures.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2145, "premise": "Stimulus generalization means that the conditioned organism learns the behavior of making a specific response to a certain stimulus, so it can make the same behavioral response to similar stimuli. Stimulus differentiation is to enable the organism to learn to make different behavioral responses to conditioned stimuli and similar stimuli through selective reinforcement and regression.", "hypothesis": "Looking at Mount Lushan from the front and side, the mountains are undulating and the peaks are towering. When you look at Mount Lushan from a distance, near, high and low, Lushan shows a variety of different looks. It belongs to stimulus differentiation is not true according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14227, "premise": "Because ethylene dibromide, a chemical used to fumigate grain, was blamed for the high rate of nerve damage suffered by people who work in grain-processing plants, many such plants switched to other chemical fumigants two years ago. Since then, however, the percentage of workers at these plants who were newly diagnosed with nerve damage has not dropped significantly. Ttherefore, either ethylene dibromide was wrongly blamed or else the new chemicals also cause nerve damage.", "hypothesis": "If ethylene dibromide causes nerve damage, it does not take two years or longer for that damage to become detectable is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12022, "premise": "Bacteria from food can survive for several days on the surface of plastic cutting boards, but bacteria can penetrate wooden cutting boards almost immediately, leaving the surface free of contamination. Ttherefore, wooden cutting boards, unlike plastic cutting boards, need not be washed in order to prevent their contaminating food that is cut on them; wiping them off to remove food debris is sufficient.", "hypothesis": "Bacteria that penetrate into wooden cutting boards do not reemerge on the surface after the cutting boards have been used is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6535, "premise": "Wild kiwifruit, originally grown in the three Gorges area, was brought to New Zealand for cultivation in the last century. Today, the fruit, named kiwi, earns New Zealand $300 million a year. After export to China, the price is 50 yuan per kilogram.", "hypothesis": "Wild kiwifruit has high market value is what this passage mainly tells us.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7735, "premise": "A highway management office decided to recruit 10 auxiliary road managers to solve the problem of shortage of formal managers, but this proposal aroused opposition from some people. The person believes that with the addition of these 10 road auxiliary managers, there will be more road violations and disciplinary violations will be found, and more formal managers will be needed to deal with these problems in the later stage. this will lead to a shortage of already tense formal managers.", "hypothesis": "Auxiliary road managers can also deal with road violations and disciplinary violations later will most weaken that person's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4005, "premise": "Vertical integration refers to the integration between the whole industry chain upstream and downstream, the main purpose of which is to control the supply of certain resources, such as the acquisition of upstream raw material suppliers, or have some channel to expand sales. Horizontally integrated production and sale of the same or similar products, operating similar business, providing the same business between enterprises, the main purpose of the merger is to unite some small enterprises, form enterprise groups, to achieve economies of scale.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the option 'In order to expand business, a company cooperates with a university and takes the road of combination of industry, University and research' is horizontal integration.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14967, "premise": "At any given time, approximately fifteen percent of all homes in Florida are on the market. In Texas, however, only seven percent of all homes are on the market at any given time. Ttherefore, one will have a wider selection of homes to choose from if one looks for a home in Florida rather than in Texas.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Mortgages are easier to obtain for homes in Florida than for homes in Texas\" would most strongly strengthen the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4475, "premise": "Language attrition refers to the attenuation of speech act or speech ability caused by the linguistic or nonverbal factors (emotion, motivation, age, reduction or cessation of language use, etc.) of a language in a specific language environment. It has the characteristics of non pathology, gradual change, reversibility and repetition.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, after middle school students went to the United States for summer camp, their English level improved a lot belongs to language attrition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2636, "premise": "Xiao Zhang is an employee in the marketing department of a company. The manager of the company said to him, if you win this project, I will reward you with a laptop or give you a commission on the project.", "hypothesis": "If which of the following is true, it means that the manager has not fulfilled the promise: Xiao Zhang won the project, and the manager gave him a commission on the project, but did not reward him with a laptop.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2431, "premise": "In a restaurant, a table of people talked about business over dinner. Among them, three are from Chengdu, three are from Shenzhen, and two are only engaged in mechanical and electrical business. Three people are in the cosmetics business at the same time.", "hypothesis": "If the above assertion is true, it may be at least five people, and it may be eight at most is also true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9264, "premise": "A school has seven outstanding students G, H, L, M, U, W and Z. During the summer vacation, the school will send them to England and the United States to study. Only these seven students from the school took part in the activity, and each of them happened to go to one of the two countries. Considering the specialty of each student, the following conditions must be met in this activity: (1) if G goes to the England, then H goes to the United States. (2) if L goes to England, then both M and U go to the United States. (3) the country where W goes is different from that of Z. (4) the country where U goes is different from that of G. (5) if Z goes to the England, H also goes to the England.", "hypothesis": "A complete and accurate list of students going to England includes H, M, and Z.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14147, "premise": "Ditrama is a federation made up of three autonomous regions: Korva, Mitro, and Guadar. Under the federal revenue-sharing plan, each region receives a share of federal revenues equal to the share of the total population of Ditrama residing in that region, as shown by a yearly population survey. Last year, the percentage of federal revenues Korva received for its share decreased somewhat even though the population survey on which the revenue-sharing was based showed that Korva' s population had increased.", "hypothesis": "If the statements above are true, the population of Korva grew by a smaller percentage than it did in previous years must also have been shown by the population survey on which last year's revenue-sharing in Ditrama was based.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2241, "premise": "In today's society, many old people become old drifters in order to help their children take care of the next generation. In a recent urban survey, young people interviewed admitted that their parents are old drifters. They and their spouses have just started their careers, and work pressure is high, so they have no time to take care of their children and do housework. Some experts assert that the group of old drifters in China's cities will be further expanded.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The implementation of the national two-child policy will encourage more children to be born\" best supports the views of the above experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "Or get caught on the spot when you do something stupid, or don't do something stupid has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4497, "premise": "Music therapy is a systematic process of intervention. In this process, the therapist uses various forms of musical experience and therapeutic relationships that have been developed as therapeutic dynamics in the course of therapy to help the patient achieve healthy goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, playing hypnotic music for Zhou, who was tense and depressed, and Zhou feeling very relaxed is the music therapy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13737, "premise": "Each year, an official estimate of the stock of cod in the Grand Banks is announced. This estimate is obtained by averaging two separate estimates of how many cod are available, one based on the number of cod caught by research vessels during a once-yearly sampling of the area and the other on the average number of tons of cod caught by various commercial vessels per unit of fishing effort expended there in the past year -- a unit of fishing effort being one kilometer of net set out in the water for one hour. In previous decades, the two estimates usually agreed closely. However, for the last decade the estimate based on commercial tonnage has been increasing markedly, by about the same amount as the samplingbased estimate has been decreasing.", "hypothesis": "Last year's official estimate was probably not much different from the official estimate ten years ago is most strongly supported by the statements in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14750, "premise": "Cotton grass, which grows only in arctic regions, has been the only summertime source of protein available to caribou. Caribou that do not get adequate amounts of protein in the summer are unable to reproduce the following year. Rising average temperatures in arctic regions, however, are causing cotton grass to disappear. Ttherefore, if the warming trend continues, caribou are likely to become extinct.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the argument depends is that the warming trend in arctic regions will not enable other plants capable of providing protein to caribou to grow there.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1125, "premise": "Appreciation is an organic part of literary activities. Only in the process of appreciation can works acquire its essence and become literary works. Traditional literary theory ignores literary appreciation, which makes it difficult for literary research to go further and hinders the development of literary creation. The biggest difference between modern literary theory and traditional literary theory lies in the importance of literary appreciation. It can be said that the study of literary appreciation is the starting point of modern literary theory, and modern literary theory is based on the theory of literary appreciation.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, the most accurate understanding is that modern literary theory attaches importance to the process of literary appreciation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6925, "premise": "The traditional culture of ethnic minorities should be developed as an industry, and the cultural resources should be comprehensively promoted to the market, so that the traditional culture of ethnic minorities has become an effective part of the market operation. Traditional national sports, traditional art performances and traditional cultural landscapes will all become good places for enterprise marketing. Because the economic development of ethnic minority areas not only depends on the introduction of foreign capital, the improvement of the technical content of products, the establishment of efficient incentive mechanism and so on, but also needs a good image of an enterprise. The image effect of an enterprise and the marketing strategy of its products are not only important, but also culture and economy will effectively complement each other and prosper together.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that the culture and economy of ethnic minorities effectively complement each other and prosper together.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13602, "premise": "Over the past ten years, the population of Dismaston has grown five times as large as it was. During this time, the average income in the city has risen substantially, and a tremendous amount of capital has flowed into city. An independent audit found that, somewhat surprisingly, the number of violent felonies reported per year is now lower than it was ten years ago.", "hypothesis": "The police now have a computerized filing system, so that it is almost impossible for a violent crime to be unrecorded would not explain the somewhat surprising finding.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8945, "premise": "Due to the rise in oil prices, the state has raised the sales prices of gasoline and other oil products, which has led to an increase in taxi operating costs and a reduction in drivers' income. According to the survey, more than 95% of taxi drivers in Beijing oppose a taxi fare increase because it will lead to fewer passengers, but opposing a fare increase does not mean they are willing to reduce their income.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'As a result of the increase in taxi prices, the cost of rising oil prices is entirely borne by consumers' can explain the seemingly contradictory attitude of taxi drivers in Beijing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10822, "premise": "At Flordyce University any student who wants to participate in a certain archaeological dig is eligible to do so but only if the student has taken at least one archaeology course and has shown an interest in the field. Many students who have shown an interest in archaeology never take even one archaeology course. Ttherefore, many students who want to participate in the dig will be ineligible to do so.", "hypothesis": "The flawed reasoning of the argument \"Any automobile that is more than a few years old is eventually sure to need repairs if it is not regularly maintained. Many automobiles are more than a few years old, but still do not need repairs. Therefore, many automobiles are regularly maintained\" is most similar to that of the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8865, "premise": "The coach of a provincial go team selects four of the seven players E, F, G, H, J, K and M to participate in the professional league. The selection must meet the following conditions: one of E or F will participate, but not both. One of J or K participates, but not both. If J participates, G participates. M will not participate unless F participates.", "hypothesis": "The four players who can participate in the competition together are F, H, K, and M.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9255, "premise": "The gun violence tragedy in the United States has reignited the discussion of gun control. Opponents of gun control say gun violence in the United States soared in the 1980s, and some states imposed strict gun controls in 1986. But the average violent crime rate in these states is 1.5 times higher than in other states. It can be seen that strict gun control does not help to reduce violent crime.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After comparing the results of various investigations, criminologists did not find that there was a significant correlation between the number of privately owned guns and gun violence crimes' weakens the above argument most strongly if it is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7023, "premise": "Since the 1990s, the global annual consumption of rare earth has increased from 33000 tons to more than 10 tons. Rare earth is not only an important raw material for traditional industries such as steel, nonferrous metals and oil, but also plays an irreplaceable role in the fields of photoelectric information, catalytic equivalent technology and new materials. In today's world, a new use of rare earth is found almost every three to five years, One of every four new technologies is related to rare earth. China is the largest resource country of rare earth, so it is urgent to protect rare earth resources.", "hypothesis": "The development and utilization of rare earth restricts the application of high and new technology is explained in the paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3608, "premise": "The researchers conducted an experiment on 40 college students. They asked these students to memorize the corresponding English words in Swahili. There were ten groups of ten pairs of words in each group. Each group was given a recall test. Each time they made a mistake, they would see one of two kinds of pictures. One is a picture that can produce negative emotions, such as a gun pointing at them. The other is an ordinary picture, such as a chair or a blank image. They were then given an additional one-minute experiment to erase the effect of short-term memory. Finally, the memory of the 100 pairs of words is tested. The test results showed that the students who got the best grades had seen negative pictures. As a result, researchers believe that negative emotions help improve memory.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"It is difficult for people to concentrate when they are emotionally unstable\" can explain the phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4005, "premise": "Vertical integration refers to the integration between the whole industry chain upstream and downstream, the main purpose of which is to control the supply of certain resources, such as the acquisition of upstream raw material suppliers, or have some channel to expand sales. Horizontally integrated production and sale of the same or similar products, operating similar business, providing the same business between enterprises, the main purpose of the merger is to unite some small enterprises, form enterprise groups, to achieve economies of scale.", "hypothesis": "A famous dairy producer acquiring 85% of the shares of a dairy company is horizontal integration according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2789, "premise": "A popular view is that people can predict earthquakes by the abnormal behavior of animals. In fact, this view is based on subjective analogy and does not necessarily reveal objective connections. A dog's abnormal behavior before the earthquake will naturally impress his owner: but in fact, dogs have abnormal behavior at any moment in the world.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the above argument, the question of what is the proportion of animals with abnormal behavior before the earthquake that are not noticed is the least important.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9494, "premise": "Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), commonly known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A research team found that the development of ALS is closely related to the number of AM bacteria in the gut. The researchers observed and compared gut microbiota and blood and cerebrospinal fluid samples from 37 ALS patients and 29 healthy relatives. They found differences in gut bacterial strains, one of which was linked to nicotinamide production. In addition, nicotinamide levels decreased in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of these ALS patients.", "hypothesis": "Nicotinamide being a metabolite of gut microbial AM bacteria is a prerequisite for the above research findings to hold.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7208, "premise": "The term Phoenix Man refers to a man who was born in a rural area and had a poor family. After studying hard by himself, he eventually flew out of the golden phoenix from the mountain nest and became famous in the city.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, D who was from a poverty-stricken family in a town, started a business and became a boss through self-taught belongs to Phoenix Man.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6530, "premise": "Some of the covers on the ancient cars are made of mats, some are made of linen, and the top is steeper, picking up to the edge of the canopy to form a curve. The advantage of this is that it can not block the view of passengers and it can make Rain Water on the roof line further.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this passage is the introduction of the shape and function of the cover of an ancient car.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5552, "premise": "Some people think that the older a person is, the more free radicals they accumulate in the body, the more damage they do from oxidation, and eventually they die of aging.Grape seed extract contains protopherics, which can effectively remove free radicals from the body and protect human cell tissue from oxidative damage of free radicals.Therefore, eat more grape seed extract, can be antioxidant anti-aging.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"there is no difference in free radical concentrations in young, middle-aged and older people\" can best weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8810, "premise": "Koreans love sauerkraut, and Cuihua loves sauerkraut, so Cuihua is Korean.", "hypothesis": "The absurdity of the above reasoning is most clearly revealed by the option: All gold glitters, so some things that glitter are gold.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12554, "premise": "Executives at the Fizzles Beverage Company plan to boost profits in Country X on their range of fruit-flavored drinks by introducing new flavors based on tropical fruits that are little known there. The executives reason that since the fruit drinks of other companies have none of these flavors, Fizzles will not have to compete for customers and thus will be able to sell the drinks at a higher price.", "hypothesis": "Consumers choosing among fruit-flavored drinks of different brands generally buy on the basis of name recognition and price rather than the specific fruit flavor presents the most serious potential weakness of the plan.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11464, "premise": "Physicalists expect that ultimately all mental functions will be explainable in neurobiological terms. Achieving this goal requires knowledge of neurons and their basic functions, a knowledge of how neurons interact, and a delineation of the psychological faculties to be explained. At present, there is a substantial amount of fundamental knowledge about the basic functions of neurons, and the scope and character of such psychological capacities as visual perception and memory are well understood. Thus, as the physicalists claim, mental functions are bound to receive explanations in neurobiological terms in the near future.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the conclusion contradicts the claim of the physicalists indicates an error in the reasoning in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11960, "premise": "In modern deep-diving marine mammals, such as whales, the outer shell of the bones is porous. This has the effect of making the bones light enough so that it is easy for the animals to swim back to the surface after a deep dive. The outer shell of the bones was also porous in the ichthyosaur, an extinct prehistoric marine reptile. We can conclude from this that ichthyosaurs were deep divers.", "hypothesis": "In most modern and prehistoric marine reptile species that are not deep divers, the outer shell of the bones is porous most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9363, "premise": "Navigation satellites are located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers and can be navigated by receiving signals throughout their coverage area. Beyond 20,000 kilometers, a whole new navigation system is needed. Astronomers have proposed several possible navigation systems, the most talked about being pulsar navigation. Pulsars are neutron stars that emit radio or X-ray radiation in the direction of their magnetic poles. They pulse when the axis of rotation does not coincide with the magnetic poles and sweeps across the Earth. Some of these pulsars are so stable that they are comparable to the best atomic clocks on Earth that they are also known as the atomic clocks of the universe. If you can pick up their signals and know where they are, you can use them for interstellar voyages.", "hypothesis": "Experiments to verify the feasibility of pulsar navigation is most likely to be introduced next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4297, "premise": "Someone wrote in a letter: I saw platypus eggs in Manchester a few years ago, so I ignorantly laughed at the stupid view that mammals lay eggs, and it is finally confirmed.", "hypothesis": "From the letter, it can be seen that the writer wrongly believed in the past that only suckling animals are mammals.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12469, "premise": "If the forest continues to disappear at its present pace, the koala will approach extinction,  said the biologist. So all that is needed to save the koala is to stop deforestation,  said the politician.", "hypothesis": "Deforestation is stopped and the koala becomes extinct is consistent with the biologist's claim but not with the politician's claim.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14862, "premise": "When permits for the discharge of chemicals into a waterway are issued, they are issued in terms of the number of pounds of each chemical that can be discharged into the waterway per day. These figures, calculated separately for each chemical for which a permit is issued, are based on an estimate of the effect of the dilution of the chemical by the amount of water flowing through the waterway. The waterway is ttherefore protected against being adversely affected by chemicals discharged under the permits.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that relatively harmless chemicals do not interact with each other in the water to form harmful compounds.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10074, "premise": "Ranodon Sibiricus is an endangered and rare animal. It was first discovered by a Russian explorer in 1840. After that, it disappeared for more than 100 years. It was rediscovered in Wenquan County, Xinjiang in 1898. However, data show that in the 15 years since 1898, the number of the northern salamander in Xinjiang has been reduced by half. Some experts believe that the habitat of the Ranodon Sibiricus in Xinjiang was originally a local pasture. Every summer, cattle and sheep walking around on the prairie will trample them to death, resulting in a sharp decline in their numbers.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that \"the rainfall and groundwater level has decreased, affecting the water source environment on which Ranodon Sibiricus live\" would challenge most the opinion of the above expert.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11607, "premise": "Movie Director: Movies come out the best, in terms of both critical and box office success, when a single person has full creative control over the final product. Studios providing notes to the director, writer, producer, or whomever controls that vision, stifle the creative process. Studio Head: At the end of the day, the film industry is a business. Movies will only be made if they are profitable. The most successful movies focus on subjects that the audience cares about, and the studios spend millions of dollars on test screenings to determine what audiences prefer. Whether the studio transmits its research by notes or informal discussion, the studio' s input must be considered.", "hypothesis": "The main point in dispute is that test screenings are a waste of money.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15089, "premise": "In economics, a Veblen good is an item which people buy in greater quantity when the price goes up. <b> According to the Law of Supply and Demand, when the price of an ordinary item goes up, demand drops, i. e. people buy fewer of them. </b> A Veblen good is a luxury item to which status is attached, such as a designer outfit or luxury car. As the price of such an item increases, its prestige increases, which makes the item that much more desirable. <b> Ttherefore, as the price increases, the demand also increases, and more of these items are sold. </b>", "hypothesis": "The first portion in boldface is a general rule, the violation of which seems to indicate a paradox, and the second portion in boldface is the resolution of that apparent paradox in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 640, "premise": "According to reports, 248 middle schools in a poverty-stricken area have had classes synchronusly with key middle schools in a certain tier city through live broadcasts for 16 years. In the past 16 years, some of these 248 middle schools have turned out provincial champions, and some have raised the undergraduate enrollment rate more than ten times. From the data point of view, this live teaching model is very successful. However, it is regrettable that this successful model has not been widely promoted across the country.", "hypothesis": "Some poverty-stricken areas have backward and conservative ideas and are unwilling to try and accept new things cannot explain this regrettable phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 953, "premise": "A new, more aggressive fungus that caused the potato famine in the 19th century in Ireland has recently emerged. Fortunately, because the new fungus can be killed by newly used fungicides, it will not cause widespread food shortages in the countries currently dependent on potatoes.", "hypothesis": "If correct, the statement 'In countries where the new fungus has spread, potato farmers cannot afford the increased cost of fungicides' can most doubt the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3465, "premise": "Researchers have introduced specific genes into crops through genetic engineering technology, so that they can encode and synthesize Bt toxic protein, which can kill invasive pests. Transgenic Bt cotton is widely planted in a place, which effectively controls the harm of cotton bollworm, but at the same time, another pest, blind Toona sinensis, is rampant. Therefore, the researchers believe that the proliferation of blind Toona sinensis is not caused by transgenic Bt cotton, But because the local climate is more suitable for the growth of blind Ailanthus sinensis.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"During the cotton growing period, the climate conditions in this area are also conducive to the growth of cotton aphids, ground tigers, red spiders and other pests\" weakens the researcher's point of view most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14540, "premise": "Willett: Lopez and Simmons, a married couple, have both been offered jobs at Evritech Corporation. Because Evritech has a rule against hiring more than one member of the same family, Lopez and Simmons have decided to reveal their marriage to Evritech. Their decision is foolish, however, since it will mean that one of them will have a job offer withdrawn. After all, they could easily keep their marriage secret initially and, if they want, later claim to have married after they were hired: Evritech has no policy of terminating one of two employees who marry each other.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of Willett's argument is that Lopez and Simmons would be unwise to reveal their marriage to Evritech Corporation without already having started to work there.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5153, "premise": "In a track and field qualifier, Zhang Qiang surpassed Li Jin, and Song Zhi's results were better than Wang Ping, but not as good as Ma Zheng.", "hypothesis": "Zhang Qiang's performance is better than Song Zhi can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13440, "premise": "Jean: Our navigational equipment sells for $1, 100 and dominates the high end of the market, but more units are sold by our competitors in the $700 to $800 range. We should add a low-cost model, which would allow us to increase our overall sales while continuing to dominate the high end. Tracy: I disagree. Our equipment sells to consumers who associate our company with quality. Moving into the low-cost market would put our competitors in the high-cost market on an equal footing with us, which could hurt our overall sales.", "hypothesis": "Jean's and Tracy's statements most strongly suggest that they disagree over the proposition that the company would no longer dominate the high-cost market if it began selling a low-cost model.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4368, "premise": "Arrest refers to a coercive method used by public security organs, people's procuratorates and people's courts to prevent defendants from evading or obstructing investigations and trials, or continuing to endanger society, and depriving them of their personal freedom in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After robbing and killing someone, Chen tried to escape, but was caught by the villagers and then transferred to the village committee, where the village cadres detained him for three days' is an arrest according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12104, "premise": "A local group had planned a parade for tomorrow, but city hall has not yet acted on its application for a permit. The group had applied for the permit well in advance, had made sure their application satisfied all the requirements, and was clearly entitled to a permit. Although the law prohibits parades without a permit, the group plans to proceed with its parade. The group' s leader defended its decision by appealing to the principle that citizens need not refrain from actions that fail to comply with the law if they have made a good-faith effort to comply but are prevented from doing so by government inaction.", "hypothesis": "A physician who had been trained in one country applied for a license to practice medicine in another country. Although he knew he met all the qualifications for this license, he had not yet received it one year after he applied for it. He began to practice medicine without the license in the second country despite the law's requirement for a license is an action that would be justified by the principle to which the leader of the group appealed in defending the decision to proceed.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4821, "premise": "A village has a total of 800 acres of land, which is evenly distributed to 500 farmers", "hypothesis": "Each farmer can be allocated 4 acres of land.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 10527, "premise": "Every politician has to please his voters. Although Ma Ying-jeou is an honest man, he is also a politician. No one can please his voters without occasional ambiguity.", "hypothesis": "Some honest people are not politicians must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10823, "premise": "Library preservationist: Due to the continual physical deterioration of the medieval manuscripts in our library' s collection, we have decided to restore most of our medieval manuscripts that are of widely acknowledged cultural significance, though this means that some medieval manuscripts whose authenticity is suspect will be restored. However, only manuscripts whose safety can be ensured during the restoration process will be restored, and manuscripts that are not frequently consulted by researchers will not be restored.", "hypothesis": "All of the medieval manuscripts whose safety can be ensured during the restoration process are frequently consulted by researchers must be true of the medieval manuscripts in the library's collection if all of the library preservationist's statements are true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15195, "premise": "The song of the yellow warbler signals to other yellow warblers that a particular area has been appropriated by the singer as its own feeding territory. Although the singing deters other yellow warblers from taking over the feeding territory of the singer, other yellow warblers may range for food within a portion of the singer' s territory. However, a warbler sings a special song when it molts (sheds its feathers). Other yellow warblers will not enter the smaller core territory of a yellow warbler singing its molting song. Ttherefore yellow warblers, which can only fly short distances during molting, have no competition for the food supply within the range of their restricted flying.", "hypothesis": "The assumption made in the argument is that warblers often share their feeding areas with other kinds of birds, which often do not eat the same insects or seeds as warblers do.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8269, "premise": "Traditional village is a precious heritage of agricultural civilization. At present, the urgent task facing traditional villages is still strict protection. With the arrival of the era of information and intelligence, it is an important topic for the future to integrate traditional villages into the future, to locate their functions under the new pattern, and to re-integrate into urban and rural development. Because the development can reflect the value of the traditional village, the development will let the traditional village pass on. In the future, historical villages and towns will be more closely integrated with modern cities, and as the characteristic protection category and important focus of rural revitalization strategy, they will play an important role in the future urban and rural pattern and promote urban and rural development.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that traditional villages should achieve continuous development under the background of urban-rural integration.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4326, "premise": "International trade is a cross-border transaction activity, which is the circulation of goods, technology, labor, and information between a country and other countries or regions in the world.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, the Iraqi Transitional Government purchasing 2000 tons of steel from a German steel company is an example of international trade.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12272, "premise": "Suffering from kidney failure and having fallen into a coma, Mr. Smith urgently required a kidney transplant. When Mr. Smith' s cousin volunteered to donate a kidney, Mr. Smith' s daughter had to decide whether to sign the consent form permitting the transplant. She knew that her father strongly objected to transplantation of organs from live donors on the grounds that these operations caused serious disability to the organ donor. Although she knew her father' s objection was based on a mistaken belief about the danger to kidney donors, she decided not to consent to the surgery.", "hypothesis": "The principle that a patient's rights to self-determination impose an obligation on others to accede to the patient's preferences concerning treatment, even when those preferences can only be inferred from a general knowledge of the patient's commitments, beliefs, and desires conforms to Mr. Smith's daughter's decision.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3123, "premise": "The unit proposed three schemes A, B and C for energy conservation and emission reduction. Among them, all employees who drive to work choose scheme C, all employees who take the subway to work choose scheme B, none of the employees who take the bus to work choose scheme C, none of the employees who take the subway have a driver's license, and Mr. Wang doesn't have a driver's license when he takes the bus to work.", "hypothesis": "Those who go to work by bus and choose scheme A have driver's licenses can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9712, "premise": "Quoting an article in New Scientist magazine, Cleary said that the role of memory is not necessarily to remember the past, but to help us move into the future. Memory sometimes uses imagination and creation to let us know what to do next, or how to react in certain situations. Some people think that they have the ability to foresee the future, but they may be fragmented memories of the past. If the feeling of deja vu comes from an unremembered memory, it is easy to create the illusion that what happens next also comes from this memory and that you have psychic abilities.", "hypothesis": "Deja vu cannot help us see the future is inconsistent with the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14789, "premise": "The manager of a nuclear power plant defended the claim that the plant was safe by revealing its rate of injury for current workers: only 3. 2 injuries per 200, 000 hours of work, a rate less than half the national average for all industrial plants. The manager claimed that, ttherefore, by the standard of how many injuries occur, the plant was safer than most other plants where the employees could work.", "hypothesis": "Medical problems arising from work at a nuclear power plant are unusual in that they are not likely to appear until after an employee has left employment at the plant most calls into question the manager's claim.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12075, "premise": "Area resident: Childhood lead poisoning has declined steadily since the 1970s, when leaded gasoline was phased out and lead paint was banned. But recent statistics indicate that 25 percent of this area' s homes still contain lead paint that poses significant health hazards. Ttherefore, if we eliminate the lead paint in those homes, childhood lead poisoning in the area will finally be eradicated.", "hypothesis": "The area resident's argument is flawed in that it fails to consider that there may be other significant sources of lead in the area's environment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1193, "premise": "Rawls once had a confession about how to read, which was quite thought-provoking. He said: When I read previous works, such as Hume or Kant, I take it for granted that these authors are much smarter than me. If not, why should I waste my time and students studying their works? If I occasionally see a mistake in their argument, my first reaction is that they must have seen the mistake and dealt with it. In short, there are absolutely no simple general errors or major errors in their works.", "hypothesis": "Reading is not what others repeat can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10710, "premise": "A company that invests the necessary infrastructure in a large untapped diamond mine can reap as much as 700% profit in the first year. Some of the largest untapped diamond mines in the world are in the nation of Shagoca. Ttherefore, the American company that brokers a deal in the capital Conkin that allows it to put the necessary infrastructure in place at those mines stands to reap tremendous profits.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The fifteen-year-old civil war in Shagoca has caused significant setbacks for many foreign investments' most helps to explain why American companies are not eager to invest in infrastructure necessarily for diamond mining in Shagoca.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9575, "premise": "The urban cultural living room refers to the place where the city uses the small public spaces of the business circle, subway, airport and other places to hold normal cultural and leisure activities in art, history, folklore and other aspects, so that citizens and visitors from all directions can share together.", "hypothesis": "In recent years, a number of small exhibitions of non-heritage works have been held in the waiting hall of an airport, and passengers from all directions have experienced the charm of Chinese traditional culture while waiting for the plane does not belong to the urban cultural living room.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9338, "premise": "Generally speaking, there are mainly three kinds of variables involved in scientific experiments: independent variables, dependent variables and control variables. Independent variables are variables that are manipulated by the experimenter in an experiment. A dependent variable is a variable that changes as the independent variable changes. Control variables refer to potential factors or conditions other than independent variables in an experiment that affect experimental changes and results.", "hypothesis": "To study the effect of climatic conditions on cotton yield, where climatic conditions are dependent variables and pest effects are control variables is correct based on the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10892, "premise": "Without information that could only have come from someone present at the secret meeting between the finance minister and the leader of the opposition party, the newspaper story that forced the finance minister to resign could not have been written. No one witnessed the meeting, however, except the minister' s aide. It is clear, ttherefore, that the finance minister was ultimately brought down, not by any of his powerful political enemies, but by his own trusted aide.", "hypothesis": "The error of reasoning committed by the argument is drawing a conclusion on the basis of evidence that provides equally strong support for a competing conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7033, "premise": "Since the 1980s, the market-oriented reform has realized the market value of human capital, and the rate of return on Residents' education has increased from a low level to about 10%, which is also an important reason for the widening income gap between workers with different levels of education. With the improvement of education, highly educated workers are no longer scarce, and the income from education is gradually stable, The wage ratio of workers with high and low educational background is no longer rising. In recent years, there has been a phenomenon of wage convergence, and the income gap between different educational background is narrowing.", "hypothesis": "The guarantee of education popularization and education equity has continuously narrowed the income distribution gap is in line with this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11002, "premise": "In a study conducted in Pennsylvania, servers in various restaurants wrote Thank you on randomly selected bills before presenting the bills to their customers. Tips on these bills were an average of three percentage points higher than tips on bills without the message. Ttherefore, if servers in Pennsylvania regularly wrote Thank you on restaurant bills, their average income from tips would be significantly higher than it otherwise would have been.", "hypothesis": "Regularly seeing Thank you written on their bills would not lead restaurant patrons to revert to their earlier tipping habits is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2699, "premise": "A canteen purchased 4 categories (the last word of each vegetable name is the same, so it is a kind of vegetables) a total of 12 kinds of vegetables: celery, spinach, leek, green pepper, red pepper, yellow pepper, cucumber, wax gourd, towel gourd, lentil, edamame bean, cowpea. According to some conditions, it is divided into three groups, which are ready to be used in the morning, lunch and evening meals respectively. The known conditions are as follows: (1) vegetables of the same category are not in the same group: (2) celery cannot be in the yellow pepper group and wax gourd cannot be in the lentil group; (3) edamame beans must be in the same group as red peppers or leeks; (4) yellow peppers must be in the same group as cowpeas.", "hypothesis": "If leeks, green peppers and cucumbers are in the same group, it can be inferred that spinach, yellow pepper and cowpea are in the same group.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3642, "premise": "The threshold effect, also known as the inch-to-inch effect, means that once a person accepts a trivial request from others, he is likely to accept a larger request in order to avoid cognitive disharmony or to give others a consistent impression. This phenomenon is like climbing the doorsill step by step, so that you can climb the heights more easily and smoothly.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the scenario where a young monk learns martial arts from a master who teaches him to nurture pigs does not meet the threshold effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2664, "premise": "In a study on how social relationships affect human mortality, the researchers were surprised to find that, regardless of race, income, physical exercise and other factors, a person who is willing to help others and get along well with others, the average life expectancy is longer than the average person, especially among men. On the contrary, people who are malicious, benefit themselves at the expense of others, and do not get along well with others are 1.5 to 2 times more likely to die before the age of 70 than normal people.", "hypothesis": "Being kind to others brings a relaxed and pleasant mood, which is good for your health; while benefiting yourself at the expense of others brings tension, which is harmful to your health can best explain the above findings.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13611, "premise": "The greater the number of people who regularly use a product, the greater the number whose health is potentially at risk due to that product. More people regularly use household maintenance products such as cleaning agents and lawn chemicals than regularly use prescription medicines. Ttherefore, it is even more important for such household products to be carefully tested to ensure their safety than it is for prescription medicines to be so tested.", "hypothesis": "The principle that 'the more people whose health might be at risk from the regular use of a particular product, the more important it is for that product to be carefully tested to ensure its safety' most helps to justify drawing the conclusion in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14590, "premise": "After a major toll highway introduced a system of electronic toll paying, delays at all of its interchanges declined significantly. Travel time per car trip decreased by an average of 10 percent. Tailpipe pollution for each trip decreased commensurately. Despite this, the total air pollution from vehicles on that highway did not decrease measurably.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The highway began charging higher tolls when it switched to electronic toll paying' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14763, "premise": "Though many insects die soon after reproducing for the first time, some may live for years after the survival of the next generation has been secured. Among the latter are some insects that work for the benefit of the ecosystem -- for example, bees.", "hypothesis": "Those bees that reproduce do not always die soon after reproducing for the first time can be properly inferred from the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5763, "premise": "Heterogeneous human capital refers to the human capital with the form of increasing productivity in a particular historical stage, which is manifested as the unique abilities of the owner. These abilities mainly include: comprehensive coordination ability, judgment and decision-making ability, learning and innovation ability and ability to bear risks, etc.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a packaging factory that was not profitable but became popular due to a designer's novel design and fresh style does not involve heterogeneous human capital.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7730, "premise": "Staggered employment refers to college graduates who actively choose short-term study tours, internships, entrepreneurial investigations or voluntary services at the peak of job hunting, and postpone personal employment in order to find more suitable jobs.", "hypothesis": "Kobayashi's experience of working at non-profit organizations and cafes after college graduation before founding a science and technology consulting company is an example of staggered employment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2212, "premise": "People tend to subconsciously think that feeling lonely means that the human figure is only a single shadow. But in fact, people may not feel lonely when they are alone, or they may feel lonely when they are crowded. Because loneliness comes from the difference between people's owned connection and desired connection, which is a subjective feeling. A person may be surrounded by others, but it is not available because of the desire for a certain connection, So I feel lonely; Solitude is an objective state, which is I'm alone at the moment", "hypothesis": "The main description of this passage is the relationship between subjective feeling and objective state.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4782, "premise": "Some scholars have investigated and studied some successful female secretaries, showing that female secretaries have a strong modern consciousness and a keen modern vision, and they have proficient PR skills. It is precisely because they have the above two advantages that they play a well-deserved and important role on social stage, and they have excellent performance in resolving conflicts and troubleshooting. According to this, scholars have concluded that it is better for leaders to hire female secretaries than male secretaries.", "hypothesis": "According to a survey result, male secretaries also have a strong modern awareness and skilled PR skills can weaken the above argument most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11039, "premise": "In yesterday' s council election a majority of voters supported conservative candidates, and a majority of voters supported candidates who voted in favor of the antipollution act. Ttherefore, it must be that a majority of voters in yesterday' s council election supported conservative candidates who voted in favor of the antipollution act.", "hypothesis": "According to Bill, soil can be damaged if it is tilled when it is too wet. According to Sue, seeds planted in wet soil can rot. Therefore, gardeners who till and plant their gardens when the soil is wet damage both their soil and their seeds is an argument that contains flawed reasoning most similar to the flawed reasoning in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5552, "premise": "Some people think that the older a person is, the more free radicals they accumulate in the body, the more damage they do from oxidation, and eventually they die of aging.Grape seed extract contains protopherics, which can effectively remove free radicals from the body and protect human cell tissue from oxidative damage of free radicals.Therefore, eat more grape seed extract, can be antioxidant anti-aging.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The dismutase in the body binds to a portion of the free radicals to reduce the damage caused by oxidation' can best weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10782, "premise": "Investment banker: Democracies require free-market capitalist economies, because a more controlled economy is incompatible with complete democracy. But history shows that repressive measures against certain capitalistic developments are required during the transition from a totalitarian regime to a democracy. Thus, people who bemoan the seemingly anticapitalistic measures certain governments are currently taking are being hasty.", "hypothesis": "The assumption required by the investment banker's argument is that the more democratic a country is, the less regulated its economy must be.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3031, "premise": "We can make bicycles that are stronger than ordinary bicycles, and we can also make bicycles that are lighter than ordinary bicycles. Therefore, we can make bicycles that have the above two advantages at the same time.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning flaw in the above argument is most similar to the statement 'There are machines for making dumplings and machines for pressing fruit juices, so one day we will be able to build machines with both functions'.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12945, "premise": "The local radio station will not win the regional ratings race this year. In the past ten years the station has never finished better than fifth place in the ratings. The station' s manager has not responded to its dismal ratings by changing its musical format or any key personnel, while the competition has often sought to respond to changing tastes in music and has aggressively recruited the region' s top radio personalities.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in which one of the following is most similar to that in the argument above is \"Every swan I have seen was white. Therefore, all swans are probably white.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10981, "premise": "Citizen: Our government has a large budget surplus, which our leaders wish to use to pay down the national debt. This makes no sense. Because of underfunding, our military is inadequate, the infrastructures of our cities are decaying, and our highways are in disrepair. If homeowners used all their money to pay off their mortgages early, while refusing to pay for upkeep of their homes, this would not make them better off financially. The same goes for the country as a whole.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn in the citizen's argument is that it does not make sense for the government to use the budget surplus to pay down the national debt.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4680, "premise": "After China's accession to the world trade organization, the income of high-quality talents will increase rapidly with the competition for talents between foreign capital, foreign enterprises and domestic enterprises; A large number of rural labor force leave the land and flow into cities and towns, and the rise of urban unemployment rate makes it difficult for ordinary workers to improve their income level.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Knowledge and skills are the main factors that determine the income level of workers' can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12411, "premise": "Pundit: The only airline providing service for our town announced that because the service is unprofitable it will discontinue this service next year. Town officials have urged the community to use the airline' s service more frequently so that the airline will change its decision. There is no reason to comply with their recommendation, however, for just last week these same officials drove to an out-of town conference instead of flying.", "hypothesis": "The pundit's reasoning is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that it presumes, without providing justification, that ground transportation is usually no less expensive than airplane transportation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12879, "premise": "Because it was long thought that few people would watch lengthy televised political messages, most televised political advertisements, like commercial advertisements, took the form of short messages. Last year, however, one candidate produced a half-hour-long advertisement. During the half hour the advertisement was aired, a substantial portion of the viewing public tuned into the advertisement. Clearly, then, many more people are interested in watching lengthy televised political messages than was previously thought.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the argument depends is that many people would appreciate the opportunity to become better acquainted with political candidates' views on current political issues.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12968, "premise": "This semester Professor Popkin will commute to Montreal by plane, leaving every Tuesday and returning to Toronto every Friday. She instructs her travel agent to schedule for her one round-trip that departs from Toronto on the first Tuesday and returns to Toronto on the last Friday of the semester and additional round-trips that depart from and return to Montreal for each weekly commute in between.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Professor Popkin's round-trip tickets are least expensive if each trip is scheduled so that at least one Saturday night intervenes between the departing flight and the returning flight' most helps to explain Professor Popkin's instructions to her travel agent regarding the grouping of her flights into round-trips.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14860, "premise": "Some works of art that today are recognized masterpieces were considered obscene when first created. It ttherefore follows that what is considered obscene or not obscene has changed over time.", "hypothesis": "Not all currently recognized masterpieces that were once considered obscene are still considered obscene is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1574, "premise": "The eight-sided gold cup, which is now in the collection of the Shaanxi Provincial Museum, is a representative work of the Tang Dynasty and was unearthed in 1970. This cup is a national first-class cultural relic, 6.4 cm high, with an extravagant octagonal mouth, and a circle of feet. Between the eight sides It is divided by a continuous bead pattern, and is decorated with character relief patterns such as clappers, flute, and playing pipa. The characters have high noses and deep eyes, which are obviously the image of the Hu people of the Western Regions at that time. In addition, there are honeysuckle patterns, curly grass patterns, and Decorative patterns such as mountains and rocks, birds, and butterflies. This cultural relic is of great help to the study of social phenomena such as metal crafts, plastic arts, cultural exchanges, singing, dancing, music, and clothing in the Tang Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The eight sides of the golden cup are divided into a bead pattern does not correspond to the original text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11868, "premise": "Science columnist: It is clear why humans have so many diseases in common with cats. Many human diseases are genetically based, and cats are genetically closer to humans than are any other mammals except nonhuman primates. Each of the genes identified so far in cats has an exact counterpart in humans.", "hypothesis": "Cats have more diseases in common with nonhuman primates than with humans if true, most weakens the science columnist's explanation for the claim that humans have so many diseases in common with cats.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5826, "premise": "The executive branch is the organ of the state that exercises the executive functions of the state, as provided for in the Constitution or the organic law of the executive. Its main features are: exercising state administrative authority; managing state administrative affairs; leading-subordinate system in the organizational relations of the executive branch; chief responsibility system in the decision-making system of the executive branch; The executive branch is usually active, regular and uninterrupted in the exercise of its functions.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the Shanxi Women's Federation is an executive branch.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2986, "premise": "Li Dong is good at debating and likes sophistry. Once he argued, Zheng Qiang knows the number 87654321, and Chen Mei's phone number happens to be 87654321, so Zheng Qiang knows Chen Mei's phone number.", "hypothesis": "The mistake made in Zhang ran's argument is most similar to the mistake made in Li Dong's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8464, "premise": "Intrusive thinking refers to some involuntary, recurrent and irregular disturbing thoughts that enter the individual's brain, which can cause a series of adaptive problems and induce negative emotions, including anxiety, depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, intrusive thinking belongs to the option \"When Xiaoqiang is in class, there is always a picture of online games in his mind, which makes it difficult for him to calm down and study.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11051, "premise": "Historian: The revolutionary party has been accused of having many overambitious goals and of having caused great suffering. However, most of the party' s goals were quickly achieved and the party did not have enough power to cause the suffering the critics claim it caused. So it is clear that the party was not overambitious and caused no suffering.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the historian's argument is flawed because the argument fails to establish that the revolutionary party caused no suffering.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3576, "premise": "Only when society is stable can the economy develop. Only when the economy develops can people's living standards improve. Without a fair distribution of wealth, society will not be stable.", "hypothesis": "If wealth can be distributed fairly, then people's living standards will improve is not true if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 2789, "premise": "A popular view is that people can predict earthquakes by the abnormal behavior of animals. In fact, this view is based on subjective analogy and does not necessarily reveal objective connections. A dog's abnormal behavior before the earthquake will naturally impress his owner: but in fact, dogs have abnormal behavior at any moment in the world.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the above argument, the least important question is whether the abnormal behaviors of two different types of animals are similar before the earthquake.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13933, "premise": "Oil company representative: We spent more money on cleaning the otters affected by our recent oil spill than has been spent on any previous marine mammal rescue project. This shows our concern for the environment. Environmentalist: You have no such concern. Your real concern is evident in your admission to the press that news photographs of oil-covered otters would be particularly damaging to your public image, which plays an important role in your level of sales.", "hypothesis": "The environmentalist's conclusion would be properly drawn if it were true that the oil company cannot have more than one motive for cleaning the otters affected by the oil spill.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10796, "premise": "The caterpillar of the monarch butterfly feeds on milkweed plants, whose toxins make the adult monarch poisonous to many predators. The viceroy butterfly, whose caterpillars do not feed on milkweed plants, is very similar in appearance to the monarch. Ttherefore, it can be concluded that the viceroy is so seldom preyed on because of its visual resemblance to the monarch.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The viceroy butterfly is toxic to most predators' if it were discovered to be true, would most seriously undermine the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9669, "premise": "The Renaissance is generally regarded as an ideological and artistic movement that originated in Italy in the 14th century and then spread throughout Europe. Colonialism is often associated with the historical development of Europe since the end of the 15th century, such as the opening of new routes, the discovery of new continents and the political enslavement, economic exploitation and military occupation of Asia, Africa and Latin America. In the past, the studies of the two are far apart, but recently some scholars have keenly grasped that there is a covert superposition relationship between the two.", "hypothesis": "The most likely option to be described in the passage next is how the Renaissance triggered the ideological and artistic Movement in Europe.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5134, "premise": "A, B, and C work in Beijing, Nanjing and Chengdu. Their professions are doctors, actors and teachers. It is known that A does not work in Beijing; B does not work in Nanjing; the one who works in Beijing is not a teacher; the one who works in Nanjing is a doctor; B is not an actor.", "hypothesis": "The working places of A, B, and C are Nanjing, Chengdu, and Beijing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8589, "premise": "Different from water and air pollution, the concealment of soil pollution is strong. The soil remediation technology that can be used in developed countries may not be applicable in our country. At present, soil in situ remediation technology based on extracellular respiration of microorganisms has become a new force in soil bioremediation technology in South China. Compared with physical and chemical repair, this repair method has the characteristics of high efficiency, low cost, non-destructive, wide application and so on.", "hypothesis": "Physical and chemical remediation is the basis of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14887, "premise": "In Mernia commercial fossil hunters often sell important fossils they have found, not to universities or museums, but to individual collectors, who pay much better but generally do not allow researchers access to their collections. To increase the number of fossils available for research, some legislators propose requiring all fossils that are found in Mernia to be sold only to universities or museums.", "hypothesis": "Many universities in Mernia do not engage in fossil research most strongly indicates that the legislators' proposal will fail to achieve its goal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5597, "premise": "Definition: 1. administrative compensation: a kind of compensation liability borne by the state when the administrative subject illegally implements the administrative act, infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of the opposite party, and causes damage. 2. administrative compensation: the state administrative organ and its staff have caused losses to the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons or other organizations due to legal administrative acts in the process of managing state and social public affairs, The system of compensation by the state according to law. 3. administrative recoupment: after the administrative compensation obligation organ pays the compensation expenses to the administrative compensation claimant on behalf of the state, it shall order the organizations and individuals with intentional or gross negligence to bear part or all of the compensation expenses according to law. Example: Li's homestead was expropriated by the state, Obtained various compensation of 60000 yuan. An urban construction law enforcement brigade damaged adjacent legal buildings when demolishing illegal buildings. Later, the law enforcement brigade privately compensated the house owner. Interpol Zhao seriously injured the suspect by extorting confessions by torture. After the public security organ compensated the party, it ordered Zhao to bear part of the medical expenses", "hypothesis": "There are 3 examples that meet one of the three definitions of appeal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4576, "premise": "Reverse service refers to the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement \"A telecom operator launched a preferential activity of saving phone charges and sending mobile phones\" does not belong to reverse service.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11590, "premise": "It now seems clear that the significant role initially predicted for personal computers in the classroom has not become fact. One need only look to the dramatic decline in sales of computers for classroom use in the past year for proof that the fad has passed.", "hypothesis": "Sales of computers for home use will never reach the levels optimistically projected by manufacturers because home use was envisioned as encompassing tasks, such as menu planning and checkbook reconciliation, that most homemakers perform in much simpler ways than using a computer would require contains flawed reasoning parallel to that in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12450, "premise": "On completing both the course in experimental design and the developmental psychology course, Angela will have earned a degree in psychology. Since experimental design, which must be completed before taking developmental psychology, will not be offered until next term, it will be at least two terms before Angela gets her psychology degree.", "hypothesis": "If the statements above are all true, anyone who earns a degree in psychology from the university Angela attends will have completed the course in experimental design must also be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12514, "premise": "In Europe, schoolchildren devote time during each school day to calisthenics. North American schools rarely offer a daily calisthenics program. Tests prove that North American children are weaker, slower, and shorter-winded than European children. We must conclude that North American children can be made physically fit only if they participate in school calisthenics on a daily basis.", "hypothesis": "North American children can learn to eat a more nutritious diet as well as to exercise daily is assumed in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7267, "premise": "During the National Games, there are 8 athletes living in building F. among them, one is from Heilongjiang, two are from the north, one is from Guangdong, two are track and field athletes, and three are main athletes. The above statistics involve all 8 athletes in building F.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Cantonese are the main athletes' contradicts the information stated in the stem.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2915, "premise": "On a clear night, we can see a sky full of stars, some of which are their own glowing stars, and some of which are planets that don't glow but reflect light from nearby stars. Stars may be distant, but some can be seen by existing optical telescopes. Unlike stars, most extrasolar planets cannot be seen with existing optical telescopes because they emit no light and are much smaller than stars.", "hypothesis": "Existing optical telescopes can see planets if they are large enough best explains this phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6885, "premise": "Statistics show that since the founding of New China, 80% of the more than 1,100 high-tech materials that have been developed and put into civilian use in my country have been developed due to the development needs of aerospace technology. As we all know, aerospace technology has The requirements are extremely high. As a result, every advancement in China's aerospace industry has forced the electronics industry, and the equipment manufacturing industry is constantly upgrading and upgrading, and the ultimate beneficiaries of these are ordinary people.", "hypothesis": "The text intends to emphasize that aerospace science and technology can ultimately benefit ordinary people.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14049, "premise": "Powell: Private waste-removal companies spend 60 percent of what public waste-removal companies spend per customer, yet give their customers at least as good service. Private waste-removal companies, ttherefore, work more efficiently. Freeman: Your conclusion is unwarranted. Different customers have different wasteremoval needs. Since private companies, unlike their public counterparts, can select which customers to serve, they choose to exclude the potential customers whom they judge to be the most costly to serve.", "hypothesis": "The issue in dispute between Powell and Freeman is the reason private waste-removal companies are able to offer service comparable to that offered by public ones while spending less money per customer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14492, "premise": "In his new book on his complex scientific research, R frequently imputes bad faith to researchers disagreeing with him. A troubling aspect of R' s book is his stated conviction that other investigators' funding sources often determine what findings those investigators report. Add to this that R has often shown himself to be arrogant, overly ambitious, and sometimes plain nasty, and it becomes clear that R' s book does not merit attention from serious professionals.", "hypothesis": "The author of the book review commits using an attack on the character of the writer of the book as evidence that his person is not competent on matters of scientific substance as a reasoning error.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10571, "premise": "In a business whose owners and employees all belong to one family, the employees can be paid exceptionally low wages. Hence, general operating expenses are much lower than they would be for other business ventures, making profits higher. So a family business is a family' s surest road to financial prosperity.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Ignores the fact that in a family business, paying family members low wages may itself reduce the family's prosperity\" is the reasoning in the argument is flawed.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3754, "premise": "There are five relatives A, B, C, D, and E. 4 of them each talked about a real situation, as follows: 1.B is my father's brother, 2.E is my mother-in-law, 3.C is my son-in-laws brother, 4.A is me brother's wife. Everyone mentioned above is one of these five people (for example, My father and My father's brother in 1. are one of the five people A, B, C, D, E ),", "hypothesis": "It can be seen that A is B's wife is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1265, "premise": "From the perspective of combing the relationship between technology and knowledge and the trend of Internet technological autonomy, we should pay attention to a core problem in the future news and communication discipline reconstruction: how to balance the relationship between human and technology, make researchers jump out of the technological system immersed in it, treat the technological system critically, and avoid becoming the driving force of social disorder caused by the autonomy of the Internet. In this regard, Tang Yide pointed out, it is precisely because we are so familiar that we not only ignore the need for critical reflection by the technology system, but also ignore the results obtained from this critical reflection. Therefore, we need to deal with the technological society that besieges us from a transcendental point of view.", "hypothesis": "The reconstruction of journalism and communication should sort out the relationship between people and technology is the content that this text is meant to emphasize.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10189, "premise": "According to probability theory, tossing a fair coin has almost equal probability of getting heads and tails. I bet with people that if the coin toss comes heads, I win; if it comes tails, I lose. I tossed a coin 6 times and it all came up tails, and I've lost 6 times in a row. So my next few tosses are definitely heads up and will definitely win back.", "hypothesis": "It doesn't make sense, because each toss is an independent event, unrelated to the previous results is an appropriate evaluation of I's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "Critics have no reason to assume that the failure of some farms is not caused by the quality of their soil properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10052, "premise": "In the past, we had a lot of unrealistic boasting on moral propaganda, so that many people said one thing from their mouths and did another behind their backs, resulting in the phenomenon of split personality. Through thinking about this phenomenon, some scholars propose that we should only require general people to abide by the bottom-line ethics.", "hypothesis": "Bottom-line ethics are some of the minimum and most basic behavioral norms and standards that general people in society should abide by.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14295, "premise": "Scientists typically do their most creative work before the age of forty. It is commonly thought that this happens because <b> aging by itself brings about a loss of creative capacity </b>. However, studies show that <b> a disproportionately large number of the scientists who produce highly creative work beyond the age of forty entered their field at an older age than is usual </b>. Since by the age of forty the large majority of scientists have been working in their field for at least fifteen years, the studies' finding strongly suggests that the real reason why scientists over forty rarely produce highly creative work is not that they have simply aged but rather that they generally have spent too long in a given field.", "hypothesis": "The two portions in boldface in the argument play the role of a claim that has been advanced in support of a position that the argument opposes and a finding that has been used in support of that position.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12487, "premise": "Eating garlic reduces the levels of cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood and so helps reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Evidence that eating garlic reduces these levels is that a group of patients taking a garlic tablet each day for four months showed a 12 percent reduction in cholesterol and a 17 percent reduction in triglycerides; over the same period, a group of similar patients taking a medically inert tablet showed only a 2 percent reduction in triglycerides and a 3 percent reduction in cholesterol.", "hypothesis": "It would be most important to determine whether large amounts of garlic are well tolerated by all patients in evaluating the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10039, "premise": "People who take part in taekwondo are healthier than those who don't usually take part in taekwondo, so taekwondo helps to improve their health.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Men prefer Taekwondo to women\" is the most likely to challenge the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10906, "premise": "Chemical fertilizers not only create potential health hazards, they also destroy earthworms, which are highly beneficial to soil. For this reason alone the use of chemical fertilizers should be avoided. The castings earthworms leave behind are much richer than the soil they ingest, thus making a garden rich in earthworms much more fertile than a garden without them.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of the argument is that earthworms are highly beneficial to soil.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5949, "premise": "Many elderly Beijings have never forgotten the unique skills they saw at temple fairs when they were young. Today, these unique skills have more formal names-folk art. However, as the modernization of society accelerates, Chinese folk culture is facing unprecedented crisis. The survival crisis of the city, the continuous change of the urban environment, the rapid diversion and transfer of people's interests and hobbies, and the gradual loss of folk art talents, all of which make the development of folk art face difficulties.", "hypothesis": "The social status of folk art talents should be improved can be derived from this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10676, "premise": "Food company engineer: I stand by my decision to order the dumping of small amounts of chemicals into the local river even though there is some evidence that this material may pose health problems. 1 fish in the river myself and will continue to do so. Furthermore, I will have no problem if other food manufacturers do what our company does.", "hypothesis": "One is justified in performing an act if one is willing to submit oneself to the consequences of that action performed by oneself or others is the principle that the engineer's reasoning most closely conforms to.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4710, "premise": "In public places, roadside excavation and other ground construction, if no safety measures such as setting up obvious warning signs are taken to cause pedestrian damage, the fault presumption liability shall apply, that is, after the pedestrian proves that the damage is caused by the behavior of the constructor, if the constructor cannot prove that he is not at fault, the constructor shall be deemed to be at fault.", "hypothesis": "The victim is obliged to prove that the damage is caused by the behavior of the constructor according to the above words.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4241, "premise": "Synthetic food pigment is made from aniline dye separated from coal tar, so it is also called coal tar pigment or aniline pigment, such as synthetic amaranth, tartrazine and ponceau 4R. Occasionally eating food added with a certain amount of synthetic food pigment will not cause poisoning, diarrhea and other reactions. Therefore, it is allowed that people can eat food added with a small amount of synthetic pigment.", "hypothesis": "Eating food added with a small amount of natural edible pigment will not affect human health can best weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6613, "premise": "Because of the popularity of e-books, customers have changed their consumption habits and many bookstores have difficulties in operating. But bookstores can also make money by selling books, because bookstores are not only a place to sell books, but also provide face-to-face communication. Only face-to-face communication is the real communication and can constantly improve human feelings.", "hypothesis": "The option 'There is still a need for bookstores to continue to exist' does not match the meaning of the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8680, "premise": "People often use microwave ovens to heat food. Some people think that heating in a microwave oven changes the molecular structure of food and produces molecules that the human body cannot recognize. These strange formulas are unacceptable to the human body, and some are toxic and may even cause cancer. Therefore, people or animals who often eat microwave food will have serious physiological changes in their bodies, resulting in serious health problems.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is also common for developed countries to use microwave ovens' best questions the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1153, "premise": "Man is a kind of cultural animal. Human behavior is determined not only by innate biological instincts, but also by acquired cultural and social factors. Everyone has a love of beauty. However, behind anything wonderful, there is an unbeautiful nature or origin, whether you realize it or not. Beauty is often a lie, but the truth is often ugly. Browse the web and you may be attracted by the gorgeous pages. If you look at the source code from the browser menu, you will find a mess that doesn't make any sense to you.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that behind anything beautiful, there is an unbeautiful essence or origin.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8062, "premise": "While studying Williams syndrome, Canadian scientists accidentally found that people with musical and mathematical talents are actually caused by genetic disorders and that the same genetic disorder may also lead to mental illness such as schizophrenia. Most children born with Williams syndrome misarrange 20 genes on chromosome 7. This happens to one out of every 20,000 people in the world.", "hypothesis": "The typical case of Williams syndrome is most likely to be highlighted by the author next.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 351, "premise": "Analogical reasoning refers to a logical method in which two (or two types of) objects have similar or identical properties in some aspects, inferring that their properties in other aspects may also be similar or the same.", "hypothesis": "From cancer cells were found in the sputum of this patient, it can be inferred that this patient has lung cancer does not apply analogy reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5330, "premise": "False memory refers to the recollection of an event that has never been experienced, or a false recollection of an experienced event.", "hypothesis": "False memories are when someone can't recall whether the word was really learned, they just guessed that it might have been learned.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10945, "premise": "In a national park located on an island, a herd of moose was increasing in number and threatening to destroy species of native plants. Wolves were introduced to the island to reduce the herd and thereby prevent destruction of the vegetation. Although the wolves prospered, the moose herd continued to grow.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Wolves often kill moose weakened by diseases that probably would have spread to other moose' most helps to explain the failure of the strategy involving wolves.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13721, "premise": "In defending the Hyperion School of Journalism from charges that its program is of little or no value to its students, the dean of the school pointed to its recent success in placing students: 65 percent of its graduates went on to internships or jobs in print or broadcast journalism.", "hypothesis": "More than half of the school's students came from jobs in journalism to improve their skills most seriously undermines the defense offered by the dean.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7404, "premise": "A company held four competitions for swimming, bowling, billiards and table tennis. Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang and Xiao Dai all participated in one of the competitions, and the four people participated in different events. Known: (1) Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang has one person participating in a bowling game; (2) If Xiao Wang participates in a billiards game, Xiao Zhang participates in a bowling game; (3) Only Xiao Li participates in a bowling game, Xiao Wang participates in a billiards game; (4) If Xiao Wang participates in swimming or table tennis competitions, Xiao Dai will not participate in swimming or table tennis competitions.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Dai does not participate in the billiards game can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10313, "premise": "Seven athletes took part in the men's 5km final: S, T, U, W, X, Y and Z. The clothes worn by athletes are either red or green, and no athletes reach the finish line at the same time. The known information is as follows: for athletes who arrive at the finish line one after another, their clothes are not all red. Y reached the finish line some time before T and W. Two of the athletes who reached the finish line before Y happened to be dressed in red. S is the sixth athlete to reach the finish line. Z arrives at the finish line at some time before U.", "hypothesis": "W and T cannot all wear red clothes.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2217, "premise": "Family economy means that businesses use people's attention to family relations to hold commercial profit promotion activities during traditional festivals.", "hypothesis": "On the eve of children's day, a shopping mall launched a half discount on children's clothing and toys belongs to the family economy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5591, "premise": "Sulfur dioxide is the main cause of acid rain. A region is plagued by acid rain. In order to improve this situation, the region has reduced 118000 tons of sulfur dioxide from January to June, a year-on-year decrease of 9.1%. According to the monitoring, although the content of sulfur dioxide in the air in this region has decreased, the frequency of acid rain has increased by 7.1%.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although the total emission of sulfur dioxide has been reduced, the proportion of sulfur dioxide in pollutants has not changed' best explains this phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5041, "premise": "Nationalism  over resources refers to the realization of political service and national specific development through controlling and dominating resources and market intervention based on the legal jurisdiction of the state over natural resources.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a country has strengthened the mining license of a rare metal and set a high threshold for foreign-funded enterprises to invest belongs to nationalism over resources.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13299, "premise": "Advice columnist: Several scientific studies have shown that, when participating in competitive sports, those people who have recently been experiencing major stress in their lives are several times more likely to suffer serious injuries than are other participants in competitive sports. Since risking serious injury is unwise, no sports activity should be used as a method for coping with stress.", "hypothesis": "The principle that people with a history of sports injuries should not engage in sports activities if they have recently been under stress most helps to justify the reasoning in the advice columnist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13070, "premise": "A recent poll found that over 80 percent of the residents of Nalmed Province favored a massive expansion of the commuter rail system as a means of significantly easing congestion on the province' s highways and were willing to help pay for the expansion through an increase in their taxes. Nevertheless, the poll results indicate that expansion of the rail system, if successfully completed, would be unlikely to achieve its goal of easing congestion, because __.", "hypothesis": "Most people in favor of expanding the rail system reported less congestion during their highway commute as the primary benefit they would experience logically completes the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14805, "premise": "All unemployed artists are sympathetic to social justice. And no employed artists are interested in the prospect of great personal fame.", "hypothesis": "If the claims made above are true, then all artists uninterested in the prospect of great personal fame are sympathetic to social justice must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14321, "premise": "Art historian: Successful forgeries tend to be those most recently painted. While such a phenomenon may sound counterintuitive, a forger is able to exploit current modes of aesthetics to create paintings that appeal to the eye of his or her contemporaries. This very quality, however, is what makes those paintings seem amateurish to subsequent generations. As a result, a majority of forgeries are identified as such roughly twenty-five years after their creation.", "hypothesis": "What is deemed aesthetically pleasing does not change in the course of twenty-five years is an assumption upon which the argument rests.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12326, "premise": "Over the last five years, every new major alternative-energy initiative that initially was promised government funding has since seen that funding severely curtailed. In no such case has the government come even close to providing the level of funds initially earmarked for these projects. Since large corporations have made it a point to discourage alternative-energy projects, it is likely that the corporations' actions influenced the government' s funding decisions.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"All large corporations have made it a point to discourage some forms of research\" most strengthens the reasoning above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8510, "premise": "As a positive and effective development model, global tourism emphasizes that the development of tourism adapts to the carrying capacity of resources and environment. By comprehensively optimizing tourism resources, infrastructure, tourism functions, tourism elements and industrial layout, better dredge and reduce the bearing pressure of the core scenic spots, and better protect the core resources and ecological environment. Realizing the rational layout and optimal allocation of facilities, elements and functions in space is of great significance to promote the new pattern of ecological protection.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is 'Promoting the new pattern of ecological protection with global tourism.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12901, "premise": "Certain minor peculiarities of language are used unconsciously by poets. If such peculiarities appear in the works of more than one poet, they are likely to reflect the language in common use during the poets' time. However, if they appear in the work of only one poet, they are likely to be personal idiosyncrasies. As such, they can provide a kind of fingerprint that allows scholars, by comparing a poem of previously unknown authorship to the work of a particular known poet, to identify the poem as the work of that poet.", "hypothesis": "A peculiarity of language that might be used as an identifying mark is likely to be widely scattered in the work of a poet, so that a single poem not known to have been written by that poet might not include that peculiarity is a reason that the test described above can never provide conclusive proof of the authorship of any poem.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9793, "premise": "The orange-bellied prairie vole practices monogamy, which is extremely rare in the animal world. The researchers first examined the communication between the medial prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens in female voles (the two regions are anatomically connected, and the nucleus accumbens plays a key role in the brain's reward system). The female voles were then asked to meet with male voles, and the intensity of communication between the two brain regions was continuously measured during the meeting. They found that voles with higher levels of communication in their brain regions were more likely to quickly establish intimate relationships with their partners. As a result, they believe that the activation of the loop between the two brain regions can directly affect the production of animal love.", "hypothesis": "Mountain mice, which share more than 99% of the genes of orange-bellied prairie voles, still forget their partners overnight even if they are injected with enough oxytocin (love-related chemicals). Studies have found that the corresponding areas of the brain of mountain mice lack oxytocin receptors can best support the views of the above researchers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 451, "premise": "Antisocial personality crime is a criminal act committed by the perpetrator based on antisocial abnormal personality. The characteristics of the perpetrator are as follows: 1. They have no obvious defects in intelligence and spirit, no delusions or other thinking obstacles. 2. Most of them have a criminal record of bad deeds and have committed many types of disciplinary, illegal and criminal acts. 3. They are impulsive and lack of thoughtful and clear motivation. 4. They have no psychology of repentance and remorse, and still break the law and commit crimes after receiving education or serving their sentences.", "hypothesis": "Wang wandering in the street, suddenly stabbing the stranger Guo twice, and then smashing the car parked on the roadside is most in line with the characteristics of antisocial personality crime if the perpetrator's mental intelligence is normal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8432, "premise": "A follow-up study on the impact of fathers' diet on offspring found that men-to-be fathers were more likely to develop obesity if they became obese due to overeating before the next generation. This probability had little to do with the mother's weight, while when the father-to-be was starved and experienced the threat of hunger, his children were more likely to develop cardiovascular disease. As a result, the study suggests that the diet of fathers-to-be affects the health of their offspring.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If the father-to-be is too old or has bad habits such as smoking, his children are more likely to have neonatal defects' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13161, "premise": "It is a given that to be an intriguing person, one must be able to inspire the perpetual curiosity of others. Constantly broadening one' s abilities and extending one' s intellectual reach will enable one to inspire that curiosity. For such a perpetual expansion of one' s mind makes it impossible to be fully comprehended, making one a constant mystery to others.", "hypothesis": "To inspire the perpetual curiosity of others, one must constantly broaden one's abilities and extend one's intellectual reach is the most accurate expression of the conclusion drawn in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4074, "premise": "The right to privacy is the right of individuals to keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential and not to be illegally informed, in order to protect their reputation and image without violating the law.", "hypothesis": "The right to privacy is the right to have an extramarital affair with a woman to the news media, according to the statement given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4715, "premise": "The government should perform the functions of economic regulation and market supervision, strive to separate government from enterprises, government from capital, government from affairs, and government from market intermediary organizations, and mainly use economic and legal means to manage economic activities. The main responsibilities of government departments are to provide basic public services, maintain social equity, create and maintain a good market environment and promote the stable operation of market economy.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The role of the government is to prevent and make up for market failure, provide the basic conditions for the normal operation of the market economy, and ensure the steady development of the economy' best supports the above statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4060, "premise": "The development and competition of contemporary economy no longer rely mainly on intensive labor. For example, in the United States, the whole information superhighway project will take 20 years, with a total investment of 400 billion US dollars. It will cost $200 billion to install high-capacity fiber-optic lines for 95 million homes across the country.", "hypothesis": "The future economic development will no longer need labor is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10571, "premise": "In rheumatoid arthritis, the body' s immune system misfunctions by attacking healthy cells in the joints causing the release of a hormone that in turn causes pain and swelling. This hormone is normally activated only in reaction to injury or infection. A new arthritis medication will contain a protein that inhibits the functioning of the hormone that causes pain and swelling in the joints.", "hypothesis": "The statements above, if true, most strongly support the conclusion that the benefits to rheumatoid arthritis sufferers of the new medication would outweigh the medication's possible harmful side effects.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15106, "premise": "A recently completed study of several hundred subjects, all of approximately the same age, showed that those who exercised regularly during the study were much less likely to die during the study. This indicates that exercise can actually increase one' s life span. .", "hypothesis": "Whether or not a given subject was to exercise during the study was determined by the researchers on a random basis most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4630, "premise": "Informal employment refers to a staged, unstable employment method that is not included in the social security system under conditions of fierce competition and imperfect system.", "hypothesis": "Renovation workers on the street are informal employees.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9425, "premise": "Advertising, cashing in the number of clicks and payment by members are the three main sources of income of the video platform at this stage. From the trend of domestic development in recent years, the payment mode of members of L video platform company is favored and sought after by domestic counterparts. From 2009 to 2018, the company's market capitalization increased about 60-fold and now stands out at $129.3 billion, making it an outstanding performer among many technology stocks. But even such a giant is now facing the pressure of membership growth, and this part of the income may not be able to fill the gap of its huge investment in the field of original content in the future.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, the payment mode of the members of L company is better than that of domestic video websites.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11028, "premise": "Sociologist: Many rural residents claim to only approve of modest lifestyles; yet, many of these same rural residents often buy magazines focused on the lives of celebrities. However, it is proven that humans are often fascinated by the very things they condemn. Ttherefore, it is predictable that these celebrity magazines would be popular with these rural residents.", "hypothesis": "The sociologist's argument depends on the assumption that all rural residents who buy the magazines focused on the lives of celebrities are fascinated by the things that they condemn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7778, "premise": "According to a recent report by the Capital Trading Department of a bank, only a continuous increase in interest rates of the macroeconomic regulation and control can fundamentally control the impulse of economic expansion and prevent the emergence and bursting of asset bubbles. If the RMB does not appreciate faster, then there is no cure for RMB liquidity, low interest rates can not be corrected, asset bubbles are likely to blow bigger and bigger.", "hypothesis": "If the RMB can not keep raising interest rates, then it is impossible to fundamentally curb the impulse to expand can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7729, "premise": "Commentary marketing refers to a marketing model in which merchants use reviews of products and services to guide customers' consumption tendency and promote product promotion and sales.", "hypothesis": "Commentary marketing is the restaurant's activity of collecting praise for lobster, which led to nearly 2,000 fans questioning its activity rules and lobster quality, and a sharp drop in turnover.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11646, "premise": "To get the free dessert, one must order an entree and a salad. But anyone who orders either an entree or a salad can receive a free soft drink. Thus, anyone who is not eligible for a free soft drink is not eligible for a free dessert.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument above is most similar to the reasoning in the argument that to grow good azaleas, one needs soil that is both rich in humus and low in acidity. Anyone who has soil that is rich in humus or low in acidity can grow blueberries. So, anyone who cannot grow blueberries cannot grow good azaleas.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6423, "premise": "In order to built economic zone on the west side of the straits, we must, in accordance with the requirements of sound and rapid development put forward by the central authorities, put the word good in a prominent position, pay more attention to good, and accurately understand good. Coordination is good, such as the coordination of speed, quality and efficiency; the coordination of consumption, investment and export; the coordination of population, resources and environment; and the grasp of quality, quantity and degree. In terms of economic development, without quality, there is no quantity, without quantity, there is no quality, without good, there is no fast, without fast there is no good, it is a unified whole.", "hypothesis": "The central meaning of the above passage is that environmental factors should not be ignored in the construction of the economic zone on the west coast.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9252, "premise": "Sewage treatment consumes a lot of electricity. Researchers at a university in the United States recently developed a new microbial battery technology that increases the efficiency of sewage to produce electricity by 10 to 50 times. Using this technology, sewage treatment plants can not only achieve self-sufficiency in electricity, but also sell the surplus electricity. It can be expected that once this technology is put into commercial operation, the attitude of enterprises towards sewage treatment will become proactive, so as to reduce the environmental pollution caused by sewage discharge.", "hypothesis": "The answer to the question 'Will the cost of technology transfer and equipment for sewage treatment in this way be very high?' is most relevant to the assessment of the above judgment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4584, "premise": "The one-third effect means that when human beings make decisions and choices, when there are 3 or more options, they will make wrong judgments due to the limitations of traditional thinking. The limitation of thinking is that when people face many equal probabilities,Although you know that the chances of each choice are the same, you will always resist the first and last options psychologically, so you usually make a choice on one of the middle options.", "hypothesis": "The store with the highest sales volume on the commercial street is not at both ends of the street belongs to the one-third effect according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14772, "premise": "Naturalist: Different nonhuman primate species exhibit many contrasts in behavior. If a zookeeper leaves a screwdriver within reach of a chimpanzee, the animal is likely to examine and play with it for a time, and then move on to something else. In the same circumstances, an orangutan is likely to pretend to ignore the tool at first; later, in the zookeeper ' s absence, the orangutan may use the screwdriver to try to dismantle its cage.", "hypothesis": "Not all nonhuman primates understand tool use is most strongly supported by the naturalist's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8063, "premise": "In the face of heavy traffic every day, we always feel that it is disorderly. Once you see the sun, you will find that there is still group cooperation under this chaos: every car has its own goal and every driver tries to avoid traffic accidents, which is an individual behavior; when driving on the road, the car is connected from end to end, the distance is narrow but does not collide, accelerate when the distance increases, slow down when the distance is small, this is group cooperation. If you refuse to cooperate, the road will become a heap of scrap copper and scrap iron. Interestingly, this is not mainly the result of traffic police directing traffic, but the unintentional result of each driver pursuing his or her own goal.", "hypothesis": "Group cooperation is the result that individuals naturally embody when they achieve their goals is intended to be emphasized.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8241, "premise": "The closest distance from the earth to Mars is about 55 million kilometers, and the farthest is more than 400 million kilometers. Only when the angle between the earth and Mars is 70\u00b0 can the probe reach Mars as scheduled. Therefore, my country is expected to launch a Mars probe in 2020, and the following year. Landing on Mars, an aerospace expert commented: If this opportunity in 2020 cannot be seized, then the next suitable launch time will be delayed until at least 2022.", "hypothesis": "The premise that needs to be supplemented for the above-mentioned expert's comment to be established is that launching a Mars rover must wait until the Earth and Mars form a certain angle, and this opportunity only occurs every 26 months.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14360, "premise": "Yang: Yeast has long been known to be a leaven, that is, a substance used in baking to make breads rise. Since biblical evidence ties the use of leavens to events dating back to 1200 B. C. , we can infer that yeast was already known to be a leaven at that time. Campisi: I find your inference unconvincing; several leavens other than yeast could have been known in 1200 B. C.", "hypothesis": "Campisi counters Yang's argument by pointing out that the premises of Yang's argument more strongly support a contrary conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5768, "premise": "It is generally believed that maintaining an optimistic attitude will promote health. However, a ten-year follow-up study of 70,000 women in their 50s found that subjects who maintained an optimistic attitude for a long time and pessimistic subjects had  no difference in mortality rate. Researchers believe that optimism has nothing to do with health.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Optimistic people often do not pay special attention to the body, and sometimes some fatal diseases cannot be detected early' would most question the researcher's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2430, "premise": "The newspaper published a list of 20 major hospitals in China, ranking them according to the mortality rate of their patients in the past three years. Experts pointed out that the order of the list should not be used as a criterion to evaluate the medical level of these hospitals.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Of the 20 hospitals, 2 are cancer hospitals' cannot be used as an argument to support the expert's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1286, "premise": "If public historiography belongs to history, then none of the three first-tier disciplines of history (Chinese history, world history and archaeology) can contain it alone, not to mention that it contains non-historical elements such as literature, communication, art and so on. In European and American universities, public historiography is either a professional degree program established by the history department or an interdisciplinary program established by the cooperation of history pedagogy and art major. Therefore, if Chinese public historiography wants to have its own unique discipline attribute, it must be clear on this point.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is \"The different ownership of public historiography between China and Europe and America.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9338, "premise": "Generally speaking, there are mainly three kinds of variables involved in scientific experiments: independent variables, dependent variables and control variables. Independent variables are variables that are manipulated by the experimenter in an experiment. A dependent variable is a variable that changes as the independent variable changes. Control variables refer to potential factors or conditions other than independent variables in an experiment that affect experimental changes and results.", "hypothesis": "To study the effect of sugar mill turnover on sugar production, the unit price of sugar is the control variable and sugar production is the independent variable is a correct statement based on the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4125, "premise": "Industrial structure policy: refers to the policy formulated by the government to promote the adjustment, optimization and upgrading of the country's industrial structure within a certain period of time.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, close, stop, merge, and transfer to the five small industries is not an industrial structure policy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9252, "premise": "Sewage treatment consumes a lot of electricity. Researchers at a university in the United States recently developed a new microbial battery technology that increases the efficiency of sewage to produce electricity by 10 to 50 times. Using this technology, sewage treatment plants can not only achieve self-sufficiency in electricity, but also sell the surplus electricity. It can be expected that once this technology is put into commercial operation, the attitude of enterprises towards sewage treatment will become proactive, so as to reduce the environmental pollution caused by sewage discharge.", "hypothesis": "The answer to the question 'Will the environmental protection department strengthen the supervision of enterprise pollution discharge' is most relevant to the assessment of the above judgment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8935, "premise": "After winning the Nobel Prize for Literature, Marquez can still write A Pre-publicized Murder such a tightly narrated and fascinating story, a truly tragic work, it is really surprising.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the above comment is based is that writers can hardly write compelling works after winning the Nobel Prize for Literature.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6094, "premise": "In translation, literal translation focuses on the faithfulness to the original text, while free translation focuses on the smoothness of the tone of the translation. People hold their own opinions on which translation method is the most appropriate. In my opinion, the difference between literal translation and free translation should not exist at all. A faithful translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible. Thoughts, feelings and language are consistent and change with each other. There is only one accurate statement for a meaning, another statement, Therefore, if you want to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible, you must try to maintain the sentence organization of the original text. Therefore, literal translation cannot be free translation, and free translation cannot be literal translation.", "hypothesis": "In this passage, the author believes that in translation, the influence of the translator's personal style should be minimized.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7714, "premise": "Perspective conversion means that people observe and think the same thing or phenomenon from different angles to gain new understanding.", "hypothesis": "I looked for her in the crowd a thousand times, but I couldn't find her. Turned around and found her where the lights were best illustrates the perspective conversion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5738, "premise": "Water conservancy projects are projects that are used to control and adjust the surface water and groundwater in nature to achieve the purpose of eliminating harms and benefiting.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, setting up a riverbank spillway in the water conservancy hub to prevent dam breaks caused by flooding that exceeds the capacity of the reservoir and overflowing the top involves water conservancy projects.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10922, "premise": "Biologists agree that human beings evolved from a fish, but they disagree about which species of fish. Since biologists agree that frogs are definitely related to the species of fish from which human beings evolved, on the basis of a close match between the mitochondrial DNA of lungfish and that of frogs Dr. Stevens-Hoyt claims that this ancestor must be lungfish. Dr. Grover, on the other hand, contends that mitochondrial DNA evolves too rapidly to be a reliable indicator of relationships between species over long periods of time, and citing the close chemical match between the hemoglobin of coelacanths (a saltwater fish) and that of tadpoles, claims that human beings must be descended from coelacanths.", "hypothesis": "The proposition that frogs are definitely related to the species of fish from which human beings evolved implies that either a match of mitochondrial DNA or a match of hemoglobin between lungfish and coelacanths would show that human beings evolved from one of these two species.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4602, "premise": "Time is directional and always flows from the past to the future. This is the arrow of time. In the process of biological evolution, the past and the future of time are asymmetrical, which is an irreversible process. But the time arrow of biological evolution is related to entropy increase is different. Entropy increase means degradation, that is, the decomposition and decay of old things; while evolution is the production and development of new things, and its time arrow points to the decrease of entropy.", "hypothesis": "The evolution of organisms can be divided into two categories: degradation and evolution is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8662, "premise": "Baihuashan Park is the largest free park for citizens in the city. The garden is planted with exotic flowers and a wide variety of characteristic tree species. Most of them are flowering plants. Because it is located in the temperate zone, there are more than half of the broad-leaved tree species in the park, and all kinds of rare tree species also exceed the general tree species. At the turn of spring and summer, the garden is full of flowers, and in the autumn harvest season, the branches are full of fruit.", "hypothesis": "The fruits of Baihuashan Park can be picked free of charge can be inferred from the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5145, "premise": "Artificial intelligence can imitate human intelligence and behavior, perceive the environment and make decisions in a complex and changeable unknown environment, so as to actively perform tasks or complete set goals.", "hypothesis": "The personality test software belongs to artificial intelligence according to the definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3221, "premise": "Snow leopard is a world-class endangered species and a national protected animal. It has been listed in the white paper on animal protection. It often inhabits the inaccessible plateau of 2500-5000 meters. However, in recent years, the story of the encounter between snow leopard and human beings has been reported repeatedly. Many people feel that this is undoubtedly strong evidence of the rise of snow leopard population.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The living environment of snow leopard is deteriorating and began to enter the human living area for food' most refutes the above view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14163, "premise": "Over the last 10 years, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people over the age of 65 living in this region. This is evident from the fact that during this time the average age of people living in this region has increased from approximately 52 to 57 years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The number of people in the region under the age of 18 has increased over the last 10 years' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5635, "premise": "The administrative law enforcement evidence refers to material evidence, audio-visual materials, electronic evidence and other evidence materials collected by administrative organs in the process of law enforcement and case investigation.", "hypothesis": "A public security organ received a report on the whereabouts of the suspect is the administrative law enforcement evidence according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12623, "premise": "Scientist: The FDA is yet to weigh in on the effects of electronic cigarettes on long-term health. Electronic cigarettes heat up a liquid and produce the vapor inhaled by the user. The liquid consists of vegetable glycerin and propylene glycerol at varying ratios. Artificial flavoring is also added to the liquid. Although the FDA has approved vegetable glycerin, propylene glycerol, and artificial flavors for consumption, little is known about the effects of consuming their vapors. However, electronic cigarettes do not produce tar, which is one of the most dangerous chemicals in tobacco cigarettes.", "hypothesis": "The scientist's main point is that tar is the reason why cigarettes are unhealthy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6957, "premise": "From the introduction point of view, this Honda model compared with the other two models, made more than 10 improvements, the performance has been significantly improved. Such news is undoubtedly good for new buyers, but it must not be good for owners of earlier models. After all, the car is not WIN98, the use of instability, with a plate up 2000 on the line.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that Honda is improving very quickly.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4072, "premise": "Double-trend conflict refers to the simultaneous emergence of two kinds of needs targets that are attractive to the individual, and the motivational conflict that the individual cannot take both actions at the same time because of the constraints.", "hypothesis": "Fish and bear palms cannot be obtained at the same time is a double-trend conflict.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3502, "premise": "Everyone has a moment of autonomy, which may be fleeting. But a successful person can continue this autonomy for a long time. He occasionally gives in, or even fails; but even if he retreats, he can still stick to it. The most basic belief in yourself.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A successful person will never lose his autonomy' can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13440, "premise": "Jean: Our navigational equipment sells for $1, 100 and dominates the high end of the market, but more units are sold by our competitors in the $700 to $800 range. We should add a low-cost model, which would allow us to increase our overall sales while continuing to dominate the high end. Tracy: I disagree. Our equipment sells to consumers who associate our company with quality. Moving into the low-cost market would put our competitors in the high-cost market on an equal footing with us, which could hurt our overall sales.", "hypothesis": "Jean's and Tracy's statements most strongly suggest that they disagree over the proposition that the proposed cheaper model, if it were made available, would sell to customers who would otherwise be buying the company's present model.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15023, "premise": "Millions of irreplaceable exhibits in natural history museums are currently allowed to decay. Yet without analyses of eggs from museums, the studies linking pesticides with the decline of birds of prey would have been impossible. Ttherefore, funds must be raised to preserve at least those exhibits that will be most valuable to science in the future.", "hypothesis": "It can be known at this time what data will be of most use to scientific investigators in the future is the argument's presupposition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2762, "premise": "Professor Zhang: since the 1980s, the number of striped owls has decreased sharply. At present, they are in danger of extinction. Timber harvesting companies are responsible for this. The old forest areas they cut heavily are the habitat of owls. Researcher Li: the decline in the number of striped owls cannot be attributed to wood harvesting companies. In the past 30 years, a more fertile striped owl has entered the old forest area and competed with the Striped Owl for survival resources.", "hypothesis": "Researcher Li's Refutation of Professor Zhang's point of view is that it is pointed out that Professor Zhang exaggerated the negative impact on old forest cutting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9084, "premise": "Some people think that only by establishing a good institutional mechanism can corruption be fundamentally put an end to. However, in Chinese society, once an atmosphere is formed, even a powerful system will be torn apart by it. righting the hearts of the people and then the world. If we want to solve the problem fundamentally, we must take rectifying the hearts of the people as the foundation. Only when the hearts of the people are upright can the wind of corruption and utilitarianism be eliminated, and can the anti-corruption system be truly established and effectively implemented.", "hypothesis": "The formation of corruption and utilitarianism is not caused by imperfect system or lax enforcement is the hypothesis on which the above argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6529, "premise": "The so-called modernization is to use high technology to preserve the most precious and important things of a nation, rather than uprooting the past and hurriedly transplanting something from a foreign country.All the preservation of culture is not simply for the memory of the past, but for the future, because those who do not have the past are bound to lose the future.", "hypothesis": "The option 'How should national culture face the impact of multiculturalism' is mainly emphasized in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3983, "premise": "Conditional civil legal act means a civil legal act with a condition that determines the validity or elimination of the act.", "hypothesis": "A conditional civil legal act is a lease contract in which A and B promise to terminate the contract when lessor A's son needs to decorate the new house once he gets married.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10294, "premise": "Because the photo is light, the object is imprinted on the film. So, in a sense, every picture is real. However, the use of photos to show things is always different from things themselves, photos can not show complete authenticity, in this sense, it is false. So, just one photo can't finally prove anything", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The photos of the South China tiger taken by Zhou cannot be used as evidence of the existence of the South China tiger in Shaanxi' is the hypothesis that leads to the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11486, "premise": "A recent study has found that, surprisingly, the risk of serious injuries to workers is higher in industries that are monitored by government safety inspectors than in industries that are not so monitored.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Only those industries with an inherently high risk of on-the-job injury are monitored by government safety inspectors' most helps to explain the surprising finding described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 794, "premise": "The error of a specific administrative act refers to an obvious contradiction between the expression of the intention made by the administrative subject or the expression of the intention understood by the outside world and its true meaning in the specific administrative act. The defect of the specific administrative act refers to the fact that the administrative act does not have the legal requirements.", "hypothesis": "A public security organ did not affix its official seal on the administrative penalty decision for fined Zhang is a flawed specific administrative act according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3039, "premise": "On an island, there are three kinds of seabirds: puffins, eels and Arctic terns. Among them, eel is the main food for Arctic terns and puffins. In the decade from 1980 to 1990, the eel population dropped from 1 million to 500000. Strangely, in this decade, the number of puffins has dropped from 1 million to 600000, while the number of Arctic terns has dropped from 1 million to about 250000.", "hypothesis": "The best explanation for the difference in the proportion of decline between puffins and Arctic terns between 1980 and 1990 is that the young birds of puffins and Arctic terns feed on young eels.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13355, "premise": "Byrne: One of our club' s bylaws specifies that any officer who fails to appear on time for any one of the quarterly board meetings, or who misses two of our monthly general meetings, must be suspended. Thibodeaux, an officer, was recently suspended. But Thibodeaux has never missed a monthly general meeting. Ttherefore, Thibodeaux must have failed to appear on time for a quarterly board meeting.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Byrne's argument is flawed in that the argument presumes, without providing justification, that if certain events each produce a particular result, then no other event is sufficient to produce that result.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3501, "premise": "Colds are caused by viruses, bacteria, dust, etc., and are not the result of catching a cold. In fact, people don't catch a cold in a very cold place. Because the virus is easy to freeze to death in a very cold place, and stay in a warm stove. It is easy to activate the virus and invade our body.", "hypothesis": "You can catch a cold if you don't catch a cold can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10591, "premise": "Life on Earth depends on water. Unfortunately, water is the world' s most threatened natural resource as a result of unrelenting pollution. In the near future, wars will be fought over clean drinking water, as climate change reduces the amount of potable water and pollution taints the drinking water. However, this trend can be broken. Citizens around the globe can aggressively lobby their governments to invest in sustainable energy sources, cleanup polluted waterways, and implement regulations to prevent commercial dumping. Citizens can also have a lasting impact by recycling and taking other steps to reduce their household' s biological footprint. As long as citizens actively respond, then the crisis can be mitigated.", "hypothesis": "The argument's primary purpose is to promote the benefits of recycling.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12416, "premise": "Linguist: Regional dialects, many of which eventually become distinct languages, are responses by local populations to their own particular communicative needs. So even when the unification of the world economy forces the adoption of a universal language for use in international trade, this language itself will inevitably develop many regional dialects.", "hypothesis": "After the unification of the world economy, there will be variation among many different local populations in their communicative needs in international trade is an assumption that the linguist's argument requires.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7129, "premise": "Proximate cause is that the insurer shall bear the insurance liability for the loss caused by the insured accident within the coverage as the direct and closest cause, but shall not be liable for the loss caused by reasons outside the coverage. According to this principle, the liability does not depend on the proximity in time or space. However, it depends on whether the risk accident leading to the loss of the subject-matter insured is within the coverage. If there are multiple causes leading to the insurance loss, the most direct, effective and decisive cause and the inevitable cause of the accident are the proximate cause.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the reason for tobacco damage is the ship entering the water is not a proximate cause.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10902, "premise": "In recent years, many cabinetmakers have been winning acclaim as artists. But since furniture must be useful, cabinetmakers must exercise their craft with an eye to the practical utility of their product. For this reason, cabinetmaking is not art.", "hypothesis": "Cabinetmakers should be more concerned with the practical utility of their products than they currently are is an assumption that supports drawing the conclusion above from the reason given for that conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2655, "premise": "In recent years, more and more robots are used to carry out reconnaissance, transportation, bomb disposal and other tasks on the battlefield, and even in the future,people will no longer participate in wars, but robots of all kinds.Human war is undergoing the most profound revolution since the birth of nuclear weapons. According to this analysis, some experts pointed out that the emergence of robot warfare technology can keep human beings away from danger and achieve war goals more safely and efficiently.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that 'There are few countries that master the technology of robot warfare, and wars will be more frequent and bloodier in the future' would most question the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8768, "premise": "The number of crocodiles in the North Atlantic decreased, but the number of leopards increased significantly almost at the same time. Some people say that seals are responsible for the decline of crocodiles, which is not true because seals rarely feed on crocodiles.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"crocodiles only eat hairy scale fish, which is also the main food for seals\" will most weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11604, "premise": "A major art theft from a museum was remarkable in that the pieces stolen clearly had been carefully selected. The criterion for selection, however, clearly had not been greatest estimated market value. It follows that the theft was specifically carried out to suit the taste of some individual collector for whose private collection the pieces were destined.", "hypothesis": "The principle that the pattern of works taken and works left alone can sometimes distinguish one type of art theft from another is appealed to by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9769, "premise": "If it is said that the painting Riverside Scene at Qingming Festival reflects the vulgar side of life in the Song Dynasty, Xiyuan Ya Collection is the symbol of elegance. Xiyuan Ya Ji, which was widely told in the Northern Song Dynasty, showed the banquet scenes of many literati at that time. Su Shi, Li Gonglin and Mi Fu gathered together to recite poems and lyrics, or to caress the piano and sing, or to meditate and ask Zen, forming a literati circle with Su Shi as the center. The painter Li Gonglin depicts the elegant collection in a realistic way, with a preface to rice, saying, the gurgling of water and stone, the swallowing of wind and bamboo, the square curl of furnace smoke, and the self-sweetness of vegetation. The joy of emptiness in the world, but so much. Xiyuan Ya Collection is a classic motif in the history of ancient painting, and many future generations of painters have copies or imitations, which is also a continuation of the spirit of the Song Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is the literati's interest and spiritual value in the Xiyuan Ya Collection.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2403, "premise": "In one study, the researchers observed the classroom participation of nearly 300 children in grade 2 and grade 4 over the course of a school year. Participation is measured by attentive behavior and distraction in class. The former refers to answering questions, raising hands to speak or participating in discussions, while the latter refers to behaviors such as small talk. In the experiment, half of the students stood at high desks while the other half sat. It was found that the students who stood up and listened to the class were more attentive than those who sat.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Standing requires the brain to balance the body and control mild muscle contractions, which are moderately stressful to make people more focused' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5081, "premise": "Alcohol advertisements often tell people that it's OK to drink less alcohol. Controlling the amount of alcohol may also be good for the heart.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The survey shows that 80% of alcohol advertisements admit to over beautifying and exaggerating the benefits of drinking' weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4499, "premise": "Social sports is a variety of physical exercises carried out by different groups such as enterprises, public institutions, staff of state agencies, and urban or rural residents for the purposes of fitness,healthy heart, strong and handsome, entertainment, and medical care.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, community tennis tournament at the National Olympic Sports Center is not a social sports activity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6936, "premise": "The duty of the media is to promote the main theme of society and actively promote events that are in harmony with social development and civilization progress, rather than blindly fiddling with some online celebrities. Stars' tidbits are needlessly hyped. For the media, it is most important to adhere to professional ethics and spiritual home.", "hypothesis": "Hype tidbits and destroy social harmony is reflected in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12169, "premise": "Anatomical bilateral symmetry is a common trait. It follows, ttherefore, that it confers survival advantages on organisms. After all, if bilateral symmetry did not confer such advantages, it would not be common.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in which the argument 'Since Varga was away on vacation at the time, it must have been Rivers who conducted the secret negotiations. Any other scenario makes little sense, for Rivers never does the negotiating unless Varga is unavailable' is most similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "If you are caught doing something stupid on the spot, you will admit your bad luck has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4921, "premise": "If the mercury content of sewage discharged into the river is too high, these Mercury will be absorbed by algae and other plankton in the river; When these plankton are eaten by fish, Mercury will accumulate in the fish. If people eat more of this fish, mercury poisoning will occur.", "hypothesis": "To eliminate mercury poisoning, excess mercury in river water must be eliminated.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6099, "premise": "Tropical forests with natural diversity are the last habitat of many animals, and their existence is extremely important to human beings. In the face of the serious destruction of tropical forests, it is easy to forget that this has been encountered by most forests in temperate areas: in developed areas, a large number of primitive forests have disappeared; In the Development Zone, especially in the area with severe rainfall, once the plants on the hillside are washed away, it will cause problems such as flood and soil collapse. Most plant species are widely distributed and can withstand local felling and survive, but some species have a narrow distribution range. Excessive felling will disappear forever.", "hypothesis": "The author's intention is to emphasize the importance of forests for human survival, according to the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14162, "premise": "The Eurasian ruffe, a fish species inadvertently introduced into North America' s Great Lakes in recent years, feeds on the eggs of lake whitefish, a native species, thus threatening the lakes' natural ecosystem. To help track the ruffe' s spread, government agencies have produced wallet-sized cards about the ruffe. The cards contain pictures of the ruffe and explain the danger they pose; the cards also request anglers to report any ruffe they catch.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most people who fish recreationally on the Great Lakes are interested in the preservation of the lake whitefish because it is a highly prized game fish' would provide the most support for the prediction that the agencies' action will have its intended effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14862, "premise": "When permits for the discharge of chemicals into a waterway are issued, they are issued in terms of the number of pounds of each chemical that can be discharged into the waterway per day. These figures, calculated separately for each chemical for which a permit is issued, are based on an estimate of the effect of the dilution of the chemical by the amount of water flowing through the waterway. The waterway is ttherefore protected against being adversely affected by chemicals discharged under the permits.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that relatively harmless chemicals do not interact with each other in the water to form harmful compounds.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5847, "premise": "Internal stabilizers, also known as Automatic stabilizers, refer to the automatic stabilizers in the financial system, when the economy is in recession or overheating, there is no need for the government to change economic policies, it would automatically act as a brake on a recession or an overheating economy.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In a recession, the government promotes economic recovery by creating trade policies that encourage exports' is the function of internal stabilizer according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2276, "premise": "Marx was an indomitable great man, but also a man of flesh and blood. He loves life, is sincere and simple, heavy affection heavy righteousness. Marx and Engels' revolutionary friendship lasted 40 years, as Lenin said; There are all kinds of very moving friendship stories in ancient legends, but the Friendship of Marx and Engels surpasses all the most moving legends of human friendship of the ancients.", "hypothesis": "Some indomitable great men love life and value love and righteousness can be concluded based on the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6078, "premise": "In the struggle against natural disasters, mankind still has a long way to go. The reality must be faced up to, but can ordinary people do nothing? In today's disaster prediction can not be completely accurate, how should everyone protect the precious life given to us by God, how to make the most timely and wise choice at the moment of disaster, and how to save themselves, save people, and avoid or reduce the occurrence of tragedy? In fact, these things can be accomplished through social education and self - education.", "hypothesis": "Education can protect more precious lives in natural disasters is intended to be emphasized in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6622, "premise": "Goldfish are actually domesticated crucian carp. About 2,000 years ago, ancient Chinese people began to breed gibel carp. As food and as ornamental fish. Over time, genetic mutations and artificial selection have introduced the orange, red, and yellow colors of the gibel carp, changing its dull image and producing the colorful goldfish we see today. The goldfish were introduced to Europe in the 17th century and to America in the 1850s.", "hypothesis": "The main content of the text is the Evolution of goldfish.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3519, "premise": "At present, there are many books such as Ten Keys to Success in the book market. Publishers marketed these books as books that would actually help readers achieve great success. In fact, almost everyone knows that great success is destined to belong to a minority, and people cannot all become one of the minority through books. In this regard, the exaggerated and even false claims made by publishers cannot be considered unethical. To say the least, even if one believes the publisher's false claims, it is not immoral to make such claims as long as reading such books does more good than harm to one's success.", "hypothesis": "Deliberately making a false claim is immoral only if the number of people who are deceived by it exceeds that of those who are not is the conclusion that best fits the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2399, "premise": "If Xiao Zhang goes to Xinjiang this summer, he must visit Turpan and Kanas, otherwise he will not go; only if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang will visit Turpan or Tianchi; if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang must make an agreement with Xiao Li; if Xiao Zhang makes an agreement with Xiao Li, Xiao Li must have time this summer. Unfortunately, Xiao Li's unit received an urgent task this summer. No one can ask for leave and Xiao Li is no exception.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang is going to visit Turpan this summer can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6730, "premise": "In the process of human growth and development, the functional status of pulse, blood pressure and vital capacity have obvious age characteristics and gender differences.", "hypothesis": "Age and sex affect pulse, blood pressure and vital capacity can directly support this point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7689, "premise": "Differential pricing means that enterprises adopt different pricing for the same product according to different markets and customers.", "hypothesis": "Electricity companies charging residents by the hour, from 6 to 12,0.9 yuan per kilowatt hour, from 12 to 24,1.5 Yuan and 0 to 6,0.3 yuan per kilowatt hour is not differential pricing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4734, "premise": "During the hunting season, the number of people injured by a car while walking on the sidewalk is twice the number of people injured in a hunting accident in the woods. Therefore, during the hunting season, it is safer for people to walk in the woods than on the sidewalk.", "hypothesis": "The ratio of pedestrians on the sidewalk to the number of people in the woods during the hunting season is the most important to know to evaluate the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11571, "premise": "A graduate degree in policymaking is necessary to serve in the presidential cabinet. In addition, every member of the cabinet must pass a security clearance. No person with a felony can pass a security clearance. Rick holds a graduate degree in policymaking, but he has a conviction for driving under the influence. Ttherefore, Rick cannot serve in the cabinet.", "hypothesis": "The argument's conclusion follows logically if driving under the influence is a felony is assumed.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8571, "premise": "False empathy bias, also known as false consistency deviation, means that people often overestimate or exaggerate the universality of their beliefs, judgments and behaviors. When knowing others, they always like to give their own characteristics to others, assuming that they are the same as themselves, and when they encounter conflicting information, they will firmly believe in the correctness of their beliefs and judgments.", "hypothesis": "Zhang and Li are both young teachers in the College of Humanities. They often discuss academic issues together. They often hold different opinions and think that the other is wrong does not belong to false empathy bias according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5158, "premise": "People's life is short and unpredictable. When science cannot relieve people's great suffering, it is cruel to deprive them of the power to obtain comfort through faith. Those who cannot withstand the burden of science can be unconstrainedly ignore the maxims of science.", "hypothesis": "Faith plays the role of savior in areas where science is powerless can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1521, "premise": "Virtual economy is an economic activity in which human beings participate in speculation and simply expect the price of goods (materials or goods) to rise, without involving any material transformation. Strictly speaking, all virtual economic activities are caused by transaction costs, information costs or information asymmetry. From the perspective of reducing transaction costs, information costs or asymmetric information, Virtual economic activities greatly promote their real activities and participate in value manufacturing.", "hypothesis": "The fundamental difference between virtual economy and real economy is that no material conversion is involved.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 656, "premise": "To be mentally healthy, people must have self-esteem. People must maintain their self-esteem by constantly earning the respect of others, and they must earn this respect only by treating these people ethically.", "hypothesis": "People who are mentally healthy will ethically treat others they respect can be drawn from the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6403, "premise": "The southernmost mountain system in South America and the southernmost mountain system in Africa have the same geological structure, the same minerals, and the same age. If the two continents are moved together, they become the same mountain system.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, \"They have exactly the same geological structure on different continents\" is inconclusive.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5017, "premise": "Septicemia can cause multiple organ failure in the body and can be fatal. A new approach to treating septicemia uses micron-sized magnetic beads to filter 80 percent of the pathogen from the blood of patients with septicemia, allowing antibiotics to work more effectively.", "hypothesis": "Reducing the number of pathogens is necessary for the new treatment to work.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14862, "premise": "When permits for the discharge of chemicals into a waterway are issued, they are issued in terms of the number of pounds of each chemical that can be discharged into the waterway per day. These figures, calculated separately for each chemical for which a permit is issued, are based on an estimate of the effect of the dilution of the chemical by the amount of water flowing through the waterway. The waterway is ttherefore protected against being adversely affected by chemicals discharged under the permits.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that there are no chemicals for which discharge into waterways is entirely prohibited.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4072, "premise": "Double-trend conflict refers to the simultaneous emergence of two kinds of needs targets that are attractive to the individual, and the motivational conflict that the individual cannot take both actions at the same time because of the constraints.", "hypothesis": "Cherries are delicious and trees are hard to plant is a double-trend conflict.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12094, "premise": "Zachary: One would have to be blind to the reality of moral obligation to deny that people who believe a course of action to be morally obligatory for them have both the right and the duty to pursue that action, and that no one else has any right to stop them from doing so. Cynthia: But imagine an artist who feels morally obliged to do whatever she can to prevent works of art from being destroyed confronting a morally committed antipornography demonstrator engaged in destroying artworks he deems pornographic. According to your principle that artist has, simultaneously, both the right and the duty to stop the destruction and no right whatsoever to stop it.", "hypothesis": "Cynthia's response to Zachary's claim is structured to demonstrate that the concept of moral obligation is incoherent.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8906, "premise": "Enterprise competition is based on efficiency, and efficiency is based on family affection. The various systems of our country are not to destroy family affection, but to bring out family affection to the highest point.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although the system can stimulate family affection, the system itself cannot accommodate the slightest affection' would most seriously weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9283, "premise": "In the Life of reflection, Nozick wrote: I will not, like Socrates, say that life without reflection is not worth living-it is too harsh. But if our life is guided by thoughtful reflection, then it is the life we live for ourselves, not someone else's. In this sense, life without reflection is an incomplete life. ", "hypothesis": "Nozick believes that life without reflection is not a complete life cannot be derived from Nozick's statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14722, "premise": "University administrator: Saying that writing cannot be taught is as silly as saying that playing the violin cannot be taught. Of course writing can be taught. Writing classes have been taught at this university ever since it was founded.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the university administrator's argument is flawed because it relies on using a key term in two different senses.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2212, "premise": "People tend to subconsciously think that feeling lonely means that the human figure is only a single shadow. But in fact, people may not feel lonely when they are alone, or they may feel lonely when they are crowded. Because loneliness comes from the difference between people's owned connection and desired connection, which is a subjective feeling. A person may be surrounded by others, but it is not available because of the desire for a certain connection, So I feel lonely; Solitude is an objective state, which is I'm alone at the moment", "hypothesis": "The main description of this passage is that loneliness is not necessarily related to being alone.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1112, "premise": "The Sinicization and Confucianization of Ricci et al. was to use traditional Chinese language, writing and thought to find an entry point that restricts the propaganda of Christian doctrines, but in this process, they also have the element of being subdued by the intensive middle school. The news can be revealed in Ricci's Chinese writings and his compliments with scholar-bureaucrats.", "hypothesis": "The author mainly wants to explain that the language, writing and thought of Chinese traditional culture are extensive and profound, and missionaries will inevitably be Sinicized through the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4499, "premise": "Social sports is a variety of physical exercises carried out by different groups such as enterprises, public institutions, staff of state agencies, and urban or rural residents for the purposes of fitness,healthy heart, strong and handsome, entertainment, and medical care.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a city hosting the international triathlon is not a social sports activity.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8892, "premise": "For listed companies, only companies with dividend-sharing can issue new shares. However, if a business has dividend-sharing, it does not need capital. If it needs financing, there is no way to dividend-sharing.", "hypothesis": "A listed company needs both financing and a way to distribute dividend-sharing cannot be true if the above statements are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2145, "premise": "Stimulus generalization means that the conditioned organism learns the behavior of making a specific response to a certain stimulus, so it can make the same behavioral response to similar stimuli. Stimulus differentiation is to enable the organism to learn to make different behavioral responses to conditioned stimuli and similar stimuli through selective reinforcement and regression.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, 'After a certain brand of toothpaste becomes a famous brand, the manufacturer names its cosmetics after the same brand, which takes advantage of the Stimulus generalization of customer' is not true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11271, "premise": "Economist: Some critics of the media have contended that negative news reports on the state of the economy can actually harm the economy because such reports damage people' s confidence in it, and this lack of confidence in turn adversely affects people' s willingness to spend money. But studies show that spending trends correlate very closely with people' s confidence in their own immediate economic situations. Thus these media critics are mistaken.", "hypothesis": "The economist's argument is flawed in that it fails to consider the possibility that people who pay no attention to economic reports in the media always judge accurately whether their own economic situation is likely to deteriorate or improve.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10894, "premise": "Paleontologists have discovered fossils of centipedes that are 414 million years old. These fossils are at least 20 million years older than the earliest land-dwelling animals previously identified. The paleontologists are confident that these centipedes lived on land, even though the fossilized centipedes were discovered in rock that also contained fossilized remains of animals known to be water-dwelling.", "hypothesis": "The truth of all of the centipedes that had previously been discovered being land dwellers would least support the paleontologists' view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13676, "premise": "The existing works of ancient literature, science, and philosophy do not represent the most original work produced in ancient times. The most compelling evidence for this view is that the existing works frequently refer to other works that we no longer have.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"A surprisingly large number of ancient texts have been irretrievably lost\" most helps to justify the conclusion of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6134, "premise": "Mark Twain once listened to a pastor's speech in a church. At first he felt that the pastor was touching and prepared to donate. After ten minutes, the pastor had not finished speaking, and he became a little impatient, so he decided to donate only some change. After another ten minutes, the pastor hadn't finished speaking, so he decided not to donate a penny. In psychology, this phenomenon of excessive stimulation and long-lasting action that caused extreme psychological impatientness or resistance is called over-limit effect. The current Ice Bucket Challenge project aimed at helping patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis should also be alert to this effect due to excessive entertainment. Start with the show, but do not end with the show, stay With the true spirit of charity, not just the star video collection, this transnational relay can be considered complete.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is that we must grasp the scale of charity and entertainment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1114, "premise": "The worship of natural gods such as the sun, moon, stars, famous mountains and rivers in ancient China. The worship of the supreme god in ancient Chinese religions-the emperor of heaven. The appearance of the supreme god in ancient Chinese religions corresponds to the emergence of emperors in the secular society. Due to secularity Classes appeared in the society, the country and the emperor who was the supreme ruler of the country appeared. Therefore, the heavenly kingdom also appeared in the heavenly kingdom, which is superior to the gods.", "hypothesis": "The worship of the emperor is a higher level than the worship of the natural gods is the main meaning of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7890, "premise": "The theater effect refers to the phenomenon that the individual members pursue the maximization of their own interests and cause other members to follow suit, which leads to the imbalance of the collective order and the damage to the overall interests.", "hypothesis": "In recent years, the car sales war has become increasingly fierce, several major manufacturers initially advertised in television stations and newspapers and later evolved into high prices for celebrity endorsements. Their costs are getting higher and higher, but their profits are getting lower and lower belongs to the theater effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8320, "premise": "Online social consumption refers to a way of consumption. In the process of online social, it will have the desire to impromptu consumption of certain goods, with the help of the link of the social platform to complete the purchasing behavior.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Xia saw an article about a brand of treadmill on Weibo and felt very much to his taste. She did not hesitate to click on a like and bought one through the URL behind Weibo belongs to online social consumption.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13427, "premise": "The government' s proposed 8 percent cut in all subsidies to arts groups will be difficult for those groups to absorb. As can be seen, however, from their response to last year' s cut, it will not put them out of existence. Last year there was also an 8 percent cut, and though private fund-raising was very difficult for the arts groups in the current recessionary economy, they did survive.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument overlooks the possibility that the cumulative effect of the cuts will be more than the arts groups can withstand.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5836, "premise": "The smartest deceiver may deceive all people at a certain moment, or it may deceive some people at all times, but it is absolutely impossible to deceive all people at all times.", "hypothesis": "According to the above statement, it is incorrect to say that at a certain moment, it was impossible for everyone to be deceived.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 559, "premise": "Over-definition refers to a logical error in the process of defining a concept due to insufficient restrictions on the connotation of the concept.", "hypothesis": "The so-called interest is the material form of the income generated from the original, and the original refers to the object that generates interest is an over-definition based on the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5978, "premise": "Unlike Italy, Germany and other European countries, the United States is known as the Football desert by some fans, who believe that in the United States, football has always been seen as a marginal sport.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that \"because of the lack of the corresponding cultivation of football culture soil, people who are engaged in football in the United States are people who really love football. Football without complicated commercial operations is more pure\" would most refute the view that soccer has become the second sport for 12-24-year-olds in the United States and the absolute number of youth soccer players in the United States is the largest in the world.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 289, "premise": "Employees of a supermarket put various brands of shampoo on the shelves. It is known that there are five brands of shampoos such as E, F, G, H and I. They are arranged from left to right on the shelf. Shelf requirements: 1.F is next to H and on the left, 2.I is adjacent to E, 3.G is to the left of F.", "hypothesis": "If I is to the left of G, then G is next to F and on the left.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2781, "premise": "Ms. Jia: in Britain, according to the law on the right of eldest son inheritance, the first son born to a man's first wife has the right to inherit family property first. Mr. Chen: you're wrong. The Duchess of brown legally inherited all her father's property.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Chen's conclusion cannot constitute a refutation to Ms. Jia, because he misunderstood Ms. Jia's words as that only his son has the right to inherit property is the most appropriate evaluation of Mr. Chen's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11095, "premise": "Politician: The mandatory jail sentences that became law two years ago for certain crimes have enhanced the integrity of our system of justice, for no longer are there two kinds of justice, the kind dispensed by lenient judges and the kind dispensed by severe ones. Public advocate: But with judges stripped of discretionary powers, there can be no leniency even where it would be appropriate. So juries now sometimes acquit a given defendant solely because the jurors feel that the mandatory sentence would be too harsh. Those juries, then, do not return an accurate verdict on the defendant' s guilt. This is why it is imperative that the legislation instituting mandatory jail sentences be repealed.", "hypothesis": "The public advocate responds to the politician's argument by arguing that an analysis of the consequences of certain legislation undermines the politician's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9336, "premise": "People often systematically overestimate their degree of control or influence over events, while underestimating the role of uncontrollable factors such as chance and luck in the development of events and their outcomes, a phenomenon known as the illusion of control.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the belief that the local sports held this year will be very beneficial to the development of the business, and the prediction that the turnover will increase this year does not reflect the illusion of control.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13112, "premise": "To protect certain fledgling industries, the government of Country Z banned imports of the types of products those industries were starting to make. As a direct result, the cost of those products to the buyers, several export-dependent industries in Z, went up, sharply limiting the ability of those industries to compete effectively in their export markets.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that Country Z's adversely affected export-dependent industries succeeded in expanding the domestic market for their products is best supported by the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15180, "premise": "Columnist: A recent research report suggests that by exercising vigorously, one significantly lowers one' s chances of developing certain cardiorespiratory illnesses. But exercise has this effect, the report concludes, only if the exercise is vigorous. Thus, one should not heed older studies purporting to show that nonstrenuous walking yields the same benefits.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the columnist's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that this argument fails to show that a certain conclusion of the recent report is better justified than an opposing conclusion reached in older studies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12281, "premise": "Most people in the United States view neither big nor small business as particularly efficient or dynamic and regard both as providing consumers with fairly priced goods and services. However, most people consistently perceive small business as a force for good in society, whereas big business is perceived as socially responsible only in times of prosperity.", "hypothesis": "Many people in the United States regard the social responsibility of big business as extending beyond providing consumers with fairly priced goods and services is the hypothesis that is supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5790, "premise": "Administrative enforcement refers to the failure of other organizations of citizen legal persons to perform their obligations under the law, or the obligations stipulated in administrative decisions made by administrative organs in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The State Commission for Accreditation and Supervision has officially announced a new mandatory product certification system and enforced it is not an administrative enforcement action according to the definition above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6991, "premise": "In the 21st century, China's media events occur frequently. the degree and way of media attention to the events determine the public attitude and the development of the events. What people see is not the event itself, but the media event after being guarded by the media. With the rise of the network, media events are more concentrated in the form of network events. In network events, netizens are the main body of network public opinion and network supervision. Their tentacles can be found in every corner of society, monitoring the every move of the government and officials at all times.", "hypothesis": "Network supervision is more efficient than traditional means is inconsistent with this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4932, "premise": "In a quality spot check, the director of a factory asked the leader in charge of quality inspection about the inspection: our factory has always attached great importance to quality, and the products inspected this time are probably qualified? the answer of the quality inspection leader was: your first half sentence may be right, and the second half sentence may be wrong.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"There is no necessary connection between paying attention to quality and whether the product is qualified or not\" must be true according to the meaning of the quality inspection leader.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3883, "premise": "Both globally and in China, human civilization has reached such a stage that protecting the ecological environment and ensuring the harmony between man and nature are necessary preconditions for sustainable economic development and guarantees the continuation of human civilization.", "hypothesis": "Only when sustainable economic development is achieved can environmental protection be done well can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5894, "premise": "If sponsors of the Olympic Games want to achieve commercial success through the Olympics, it is not enough to simply add five rings on their business cards or set up tents to attract tourists. For the past 15 years, as a global sponsor of the Olympic Games, VISA International Organizations believe that in order to effectively use this world's largest sports and cultural event, it is not just an event that simply throws money into the Olympic flame.", "hypothesis": "To achieve commercial success through sponsorship of the Olympic Games, effective marketing is also required can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10451, "premise": "In the Novel catch-22 by the American writer Joseph Heller,catch-22 stipulates that only if a soldier is mentally abnormal and he or she applies to stop flying, he or she can be allowed to stop flying. According to common sense, if a soldier is aware of the danger of flying and applies to stop flying, it shows that he is clear-headed and his mind cannot be abnormal.", "hypothesis": "The logical inference above is that if a person can apply to stop flying, it shows that his mind cannot be abnormal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3675, "premise": "Health transmission is a kind of behavior that transforms medical research results into public health knowledge, and reduces morbidity and mortality through the change of public life attitude and behavior mode, and effectively improves the life quality and health standard of a community or country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a hospital holding an academic conference on the treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases does not belong to health transmission.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14299, "premise": "Industry experts expect improvements in job safety training to lead to safer work environments. A recent survey indicated, however, that for manufacturers who improved job safety training during the 1980s, the number of on-the-job accidents tended to increase in the months immediately following the changes in the training programs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Manufacturers tend to improve their job safety training only when they are increasing the size of their workforce' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the passage above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 651, "premise": "Positive social deviance refers to deviant behaviors that members of society deviate from or violate existing social norms and play a positive and progressive role in social development.", "hypothesis": "Jang Geum violated the custom that women are not allowed to serve as chief medical officers to accept the appointment belongs to positive social deviance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13460, "premise": "Throughout European history famines have generally been followed by periods of rising wages, because when a labor force is diminished, workers are more valuable in accordance with the law of supply and demand. The Irish potato famine of the 1840s is an exception; it resulted in the death or emigration of half of Ireland' s population, but there was no significant rise in the average wages in Ireland in the following decade.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that England legislated artificially low wages to provide English-owned industry and agriculture in Ireland with cheap labor would LEAST contribute to an explanation of the exception to the generalization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1269, "premise": "The spirit of craftsmanship is based on ingenuity. Whether there is a craftsman spirit or not, the key is to see if there is an ingenuity that is content with obscurity and persistent in the pursuit of excellence. To cultivate ingenuity, you must stick to your original intention, persist in concentration, uphold the heart of a child, abandon impetuous noise, sit still in your post, and do a good job. How can we sit still and do a good job? The key is to concentrate, pursue the best, and maximize every detail of the product.", "hypothesis": "The content that this text is meant to emphasize is that tree craftsmen should stick to their original ideas and be persistent and focused.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 104, "premise": "National heroes: who have made outstanding contributions in the struggle against foreign nations' aggression and oppression, including those who have defied brutal suppression and are not afraid of sacrifice in the struggle. in a nation.", "hypothesis": "Lin Zexu is a national hero according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5851, "premise": "During the summer vacation, the school organized a travel on July 20 for the students of senior two (fifth) class.Xiaoming said: If I go, Xiaoqiang and Xiaolin will definitely go. Xiaoqiang said: If I go, then at least one of Xiaoyan and Xiaofen will go. Xiaoyan said:only if it doesn't rain, I will go.Xiaofen said:only if the temperature is below 30 degrees centigrade, I will go.The weather forecast shows light rain on July 20,32 to 37 degrees Celsius.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Ming, Xiao Qiang, Xiao Lin, Xiao Yan and Xiao Fen are all going on a travel can be inferred based on the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6658, "premise": "In the 1930s, people began experimenting with DDT, invented by Swiss chemist Samuel Muller. Just as people are congratulating themselves on finding a highly effective pesticide that kills pests, their natural enemies are nearly gone. At the same time, DDT residues can be accumulated for a long time, has caused endless worldwide public hazards.", "hypothesis": "According to the above text, some scientific achievements are double-edged swords, so we should be cautious about using them is justified.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8989, "premise": "The rebels of country A kidnapped 23 citizens of State H who were working in country An as hostages, demanding that the government release the detained members of the armed group. If the government of country A does not comply with the demands of the rebels, the organization will kill the hostages; if the hostages are killed, it will deter most countries that provide aid to country A. If the government of country A agrees to the demands of the rebels, the organization will take this as a successful case and continue to replicate kidnappings.", "hypothesis": "The H government opposes the use of force to rescue hostages can be deduced from the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3443, "premise": "It should be noted that a few people rely on consciousness and most people rely on policy. If various social problems are attributed to the lack of conscience, there is a suspicion of logic inversion and cognitive dislocation. Many problems are the lack of law leading to the lack of morality, not the opposite. If the supervision and punishment mechanism can be strictly implemented, the poisoning impulse of food producers can be effectively restrained: if the system is sound, good people will bleed and no longer cry, The innate conscience hidden in the hearts of the people can be transformed into practical acts of bravery.", "hypothesis": "Only with a sound system can there be no social problems can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5851, "premise": "During the summer vacation, the school organized a travel on July 20 for the students of senior two (fifth) class.Xiaoming said: If I go, Xiaoqiang and Xiaolin will definitely go. Xiaoqiang said: If I go, then at least one of Xiaoyan and Xiaofen will go. Xiaoyan said:only if it doesn't rain, I will go.Xiaofen said:only if the temperature is below 30 degrees centigrade, I will go.The weather forecast shows light rain on July 20,32 to 37 degrees Celsius.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoming, Xiaoqiang, Xiaolin, Xiaoyan, and Xiaofen did not travel based on the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7723, "premise": "Temporary assistance refers to emergency and transitional assistance provided by relevant government departments when families or individuals encounter emergencies, accidental injuries, major diseases and other changes, and their basic lives are in trouble.", "hypothesis": "Lao Zhao lost his left leg in a car accident a few years ago and has been unable to work since then. The monthly minimum allowance of several hundred yuan has become the main source of income for the family, which can be considered temporary assistance.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8478, "premise": "New research shows that drinking green tea regularly is good for the cardiovascular system. The researchers followed more than 100,000 participants for seven years. Participants were divided into two groups: habitual tea drinkers (those who drank green tea more than three times a week) and those who never or did not drink green tea (those who drank green tea less than three times a week). The researchers found that people who had the habit of drinking green tea had a 20% lower risk of heart disease and stroke and a 22% lower risk of dying from heart disease and stroke than those who had never or had no habit of drinking green tea.", "hypothesis": "The statement that 'Flavonols in green tea can prevent blood clots and platelet agglomeration' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10320, "premise": "There are seven recruits in a university: F, G, H, I, W, X and Y, of which one is a signal soldier, three are engineers, and the other three are transport soldiers. The conditions for the distribution of arms for recruits are as follows: H and Y must be assigned to the same arms. F and G cannot be assigned to the same arms. If X is assigned as a transport soldier, W is assigned as an engineer. F was assigned to be an engineer.", "hypothesis": "G and X cannot be assigned as transporters together.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7708, "premise": "It is necessary for breeders to provide full and complete information for effective detection of transgenic components in plants. If the testing subject and the breeder are within the jurisdiction of a state, the breeder can provide full and complete information to the testing subject, which is a controllable operation process within the sovereignty of the state. But if the breeder and the tester belong to different countries, especially when the technical ability of the breeder is ahead of the tester, it is difficult for the tester to ask the breeder to provide full and complete information of the seed.", "hypothesis": "It can be inferred that it is easier to detect the genetic composition of a plant because its breeders and examiners are from different countries.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1874, "premise": "Trees can grow to towering clouds but still green, relying on xylem ducts to transport water absorbed by the roots all the way to the treetops. According to the latest research results, botanists warn that drought in some areas caused by climate change will not only threaten the supply of groundwater, but also damage the ability of xylem to transport water, thus putting forests at risk. Under dry conditions, trees try to suck water out of the ground, and in the process, too many bubbles are sucked into the xylem, the researchers said. When these bubbles are clogged in the ducts, they block the water supply and kill the trees for lack of water.", "hypothesis": "The presence of a large number of bubbles in the ducts will block the water supply to the trees is the latest research result according to this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2982, "premise": "Professionals predict that if grain prices remain stable, vegetable prices will also remain stable; if edible oil prices are unstable, vegetable prices will also fluctuate. Lao Li concluded that grain prices will remain stable, but meat prices will rise.", "hypothesis": "If the price of cooking oil is stable, then the price of meat will not rise can best question Lao Li's point of view according to the above professional forecasts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2828, "premise": "The newly extruded milk contains lysozyme and other antibacterial active ingredients. The lysozyme activity of a cup of raw milk was reduced by 50% when heated in the microwave oven to 50 degree. However, if raw milk is heated to 50 degree using a conventional heat source, the lysozyme activity in it is almost the same as before heating, so the enzyme is inactivated not by heating but by the microwave that generates heat.", "hypothesis": "A microwave oven heating a liquid causes the internal temperature to be higher than the surface temperature of the liquid most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5635, "premise": "The administrative law enforcement evidence refers to material evidence, audio-visual materials, electronic evidence and other evidence materials collected by administrative organs in the process of law enforcement and case investigation.", "hypothesis": "A tax department seized a false VAT invoice is an example of administrative law enforcement evidence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7104, "premise": "The principle of unity of command means that in a formal organization, at all times, a subordinate should accept and only accept orders from a superior and report to that superior.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Liu of a commercial group company making an unannounced visit to a shopping mall under his company, finding some employees to have violated the company's system, and not ordering the employees on the spot to improve, but instead reporting the problem to the store manager, is contrary to the principle of unified command.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12177, "premise": "Columnist: Much of North America and western Europe is more heavily forested and has less acid rain and better air quality now than five decades ago. Though this may be due largely to policies advocated by environmentalists, it nonetheless lends credibility to the claims of people who reject predictions of imminent ecological doom and argue that environmental policies that excessively restrict the use of natural resources may diminish the wealth necessary to adopt and sustain the policies that brought about these improvements.", "hypothesis": "A majority of ecological disasters arise from causes that are beyond human control most strengthens the columnist's reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8587, "premise": "The last two sentences of Li Bai's Singing on the river said: Fame and wealth exist for a long time, and the Han Water should also flow to the northwest. The Han Water, also known as the Han River, originated in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi Province, flowing southeast through Xiangyang, Hubei Province, to Hankou and into the Yangtze River.", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, fame and wealth cannot always be there is most in line with Li Bai's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5595, "premise": "All dinosaurs stood on the ground with their legs upright, which is different from cold-blooded reptiles lying on the ground with their limbs; The bone structure of dinosaurs is similar to that of warm blooded mammals; The lung structure of dinosaurs is very similar to that of warm blooded animals; In modern ecosystems (such as African grasslands), the ratio between warm-blooded predators (such as lions) and predators (such as antelopes) is a constant. Statistics of dinosaur fauna in North America show that the ratio between predators and predators is similar to this constant. All these show that dinosaurs are not dull and slow-moving cold-blooded animals, It is a warm blooded animal with high metabolism and quick action.", "hypothesis": "The main difference in physiological structure between cold-blooded animals and warm-blooded animals lies in the structure of the heart rather than the structure of the lungs cannot refute the above reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8141, "premise": "In order to avoid predators and the hot sun, many migratory birds choose to fly at night when they migrate. When they have to fly over some natural geographical barriers such as the Gulf of Mexico, they even fly endlessly for 24 hours. Like humans, long-term lack of sleep can make birds extremely tired and less flexible, which inevitably leads to greater risk when they take a break. However, a new study shows that migratory birds have a clever solution. The scientists observed seven captured Sven's night thrushes and found that the migratory birds that used to fly at night were not completely relaxed during the day and usually had one eye open. Brain waves also showed that only half of their brains were in a standard dormant state.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is \"Your night, my day.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3670, "premise": "The lipstick effect means that consumers are more willing to buy relatively cheap non-essential goods during an economic crisis. When the economy is down, the sales of lipstick will rise sharply. This is because people still have a strong desire to consume during the downturn. As a cheap non-essential thing, lipstick can provide a certain comfort effect to consumers.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Zhao Liu's recent performance is not good, his income is low, and in order to release the pressure, he drinks 50 yuan a bottle of liquor every Saturday night fits the lipstick effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2337, "premise": "Virtual museums are interested in the 90s of the last century. Compared with physical museums, virtual museums can display all the collections. The audience does not need to keep a distance from the collections. You can see the works from different directions with a single click of the mouse, and realize human-computer interaction. Many people worry that physical museums will gradually promote the charm. But the fact is that through the influence of digitalization, people learn about the original works, and they want to enter the physical museum to contact them.", "hypothesis": "The emphasis of this text is that museum virtualization can greatly realize the function of art education.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3981, "premise": "The three-paragraph theory is based on two straight words containing three different words entitled premise to launch a straight-talking conclusion and each two straight propositions have a common word reasoning.", "hypothesis": "A three-paragraph reasoning is a statement that explains the relationship between Lao Zhang being a painter, Lao Li being a musician, and the two of them being friends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1390, "premise": "There is a method that can be used to calculate the distance of the universe called parallax. The meaning of the word parallax is not difficult. If you put a finger about 8 centimeters in front of your eyes, first look with your left eye, and then look with your right eye, you will feel that your fingers have moved toward the distant scene, because when you look at it twice, the angle is different. Now you put your finger away, for example, straighten your arm, and if you look at it last time, you will feel that your finger is moving relative to the background, but not so much. Therefore, the distance of the finger moving relative to the background can be used to determine the distance from the finger to the eye.", "hypothesis": "According to the article, Parallax is the displacement of an object seen by the eye relative to the background is the correct definition of parallax.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2337, "premise": "Virtual museums are interested in the 90s of the last century. Compared with physical museums, virtual museums can display all the collections. The audience does not need to keep a distance from the collections. You can see the works from different directions with a single click of the mouse, and realize human-computer interaction. Many people worry that physical museums will gradually promote the charm. But the fact is that through the influence of digitalization, people learn about the original works, and they want to enter the physical museum to contact them.", "hypothesis": "The emphasis of this text is that there is no conflict between the virtual museum and the real museum.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1827, "premise": "If we compare life to a circle in geometry, it is very difficult for you to find out where the starting point is and where the end is on the circle that has been drawn.But if you want to find out how long the radius is, it is easier to find out the original radius, and there is also a radius in life.The width, thickness and post-weight of life is determined by the radius of your life, the larger the radius of life, the greater the space for your life.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'To measure life, you should first measure what you think, what you say, what you do, and what you do' is the gist of the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 527, "premise": "During the investigation of a food poisoning incident, the doctor found that the food eaten by the poisoned people on the same day was different, but everyone ate a mushroom sold in a farmers' market. Therefore, it was concluded that the poisoning may be caused by the toxicity of this mushroom.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'By observing the skiing posture of penguins, people have designed a polar off-road vehicle with a speed of 50 kilometers per hour, which is faster than penguins' is similar to the above interference form.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10593, "premise": "Director of Ace Manufacturing Company: Our management consultant proposes that we reassign staff so that all employees are doing both what they like to do and what they do well. This, she says, will increase productivity by fully exploiting our available resources.  But Ace Manufacturing has a long-standing commitment not to exploit its workers. Ttherefore, implementing her recommendations would cause us to violate our own policy.", "hypothesis": "The director's argument for rejecting the management consultant's proposal is most vulnerable to criticism on the ground of failing to distinguish two distinct senses of a key term.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2771, "premise": "F. G, J, K, l and M apply for a position. Only the interviewee can be employed. The following conditions must be met: if interview g, interview J. If interview J, interview L. F was interviewed. F will not be hired unless K is interviewed. K will not be hired unless m is interviewed.", "hypothesis": "Only G and three other candidates were interviewed might be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3823, "premise": "If Argentina joins the alliance, Brazil and Chile will boycott the alliance. If Brazil and Chile have one country boycotting the alliance, the alliance will exist in name only. The alliance will not exist in name.", "hypothesis": "At least one country in Chile or Brazil did not participate in the alliance is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5915, "premise": "In the past 15 years, there have been great innovations in world technology, especially in communications, information and electronics. Undoubtedly, technological progress has improved production, and strengthening technical forces is an important factor in promoting economic growth.", "hypothesis": "Technological innovation can promote production development can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3517, "premise": "The main purpose of school PE classes is to make students healthy. Physical education classes should focus on aerobic exercise, which improves participants' health more than team sports, which only a small percentage of students actually participate in.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Schools rely too heavily on aerobics programs to help all children get fit' is what the author will most effectively oppose.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12264, "premise": "All highly successful salespersons are both well organized and self-motivated, characteristics absent from many salespersons who are not highly successful. Further, although only those who are highly successful are well known among their peers, no salespersons who are self-motivated regret their career choices.", "hypothesis": "If all of the statements above are true, then it must be true that all salespersons who do not regret their career choices are highly successful.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12551, "premise": "People who are good at playing the game Drackedary are invariably skilled with their hands. Mary is a very competent watchmaker. Ttherefore, Mary would make a good Drackedary player.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to that in which the statement \"People who write for a living invariably enjoy reading. Julie has been a published novelist for many years. Therefore, Julie enjoys reading\" is the main argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10749, "premise": "If a civilization as technologically advanced as human civilization existed on another planet and that planet were within 50 light years of Earth, that civilization would have found evidence of intelligent life on Earth and could have easily contacted us. Scientists can thus rule out the possibility of finding a civilization as technologically advanced as our own within 50 light years of Earth.", "hypothesis": "Scientists who are searching for evidence of extraterrestrial life forms generally focus their search on evidence of technologically advanced life forms is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8024, "premise": "I picked up the book the urchin at the Crossroads several times and put it down again and again, because every now and then there were pictures of urchins I met during my 18 years of teaching. Interestingly, what other students solidify in my memory is picture-image, while they are video-story. The memory of their teachers is much larger than that of other children.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that 'This book touches many associations of my teaching career.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10867, "premise": "Drug company manager: Our newest product is just not selling. One way to save it would be a new marketing campaign. This would not guarantee success, but it is one chance to save the product, so we should try it.", "hypothesis": "Undertaking a new marketing campaign would endanger the drug company's overall position by necessitating cutbacks in existing marketing campaigns most seriously weakens the manager's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12138, "premise": "Safety consultant: Judged by the number of injuries per licensed vehicle, minivans are the safest vehicles on the road. However, in carefully designed crash tests, minivans show no greater ability to protect their occupants than other vehicles of similar size do. Thus, the reason minivans have such a good safety record is probably not that they are inherently safer than other vehicles, but rather that they are driven primarily by low-risk drivers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Minivans generally have worse braking and emergency handling capabilities than other vehicles of similar size' most strengthens the safety consultant's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1412, "premise": "School is the main channel to spread knowledge, but it is not the only one. It is important to learn book knowledge, but it is also important to learn in practice. No scientist learns his knowledge entirely from school, and no scientist learns his knowledge entirely from books.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that we should not only constantly learn book knowledge, but also constantly enrich our knowledge through practice.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8223, "premise": "Hundreds of medical institutions around the world claim that stem cell therapy can repair damaged tissue cells in multiple sclerosis patients. Experts point out that these agencies advertise directly to patients that they can cure diseases when there is actually no evidence that they work or cause harm. In this case, dealing with advertising is necessary, and certain types of stem cell transplants, such as those using blood or skin stem cells, have been approved by oversight agencies after extensive clinical trials have been shown to treat certain types of cancer and to allow burn patients to undergo skin grafts. While stem cell therapies are promising, many potential stem cell therapies are still in the early stages of development, have yet to be approved by regulators, and require rigorous clinical trials and regulatory procedures to determine whether they are safe and effective, experts said.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that developing cell and tissue therapies remains a huge challenge.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13369, "premise": "Passenger volume in the airline industry has declined dramatically over the past two years, and thus fewer travelers and fewer planes are using airports. Since airport expansion can be warranted only by increases in air traffic volume, and since it will probably be at least five years before passenger volume returns to and then exceeds its previous level, it seems surprising that now is the time that airports are going ahead with plans to expand their passenger terminal facilities.", "hypothesis": "Low volume in passenger air travel permits airport expansion with relatively little inconvenience to the public is the best reason in favor of the airports' timing of their planned expansions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11055, "premise": "Geoffrey never attends a movie without watching the trailer and generally tries to read the reviews prior to the show. At the theater, Geoffrey sometimes buys popcorn and always buys a bottle of water. Geoffrey recently saw the eighth installment of the Boy Wizard Chronicles.", "hypothesis": "Geoffrey read the Boy Wizard Chronicles' reviews and drank a bottle of water during the show must be true based on these true statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9713, "premise": "Most galaxies are moving away from us, and their receding speed (redshift) is proportional to the distance of the galaxies. This proportional coefficient, now known as the Hubble constant, represents the current rate of expansion of the universe. One of the core tasks of observational cosmology is to measure the relationship between distance and redshift. it describes the history of cosmic expansion, answers basic questions about the age, geometry and composition of the universe, and even tests many new physical predictions. In astronomical observations, the redshift of distant celestial bodies can be accurately obtained, but the accurate measurement of distance has always been the biggest problem for astronomers.", "hypothesis": "The topic most likely to be discussed by the author next is difficulties encountered in the measurement of distances.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10855, "premise": "Trent is a member of the SWAT Team, the most elite tactical unit at the city police department. SWAT apprehends more suspected criminals than all other police units combined. Taken as a whole, the police department solves a higher percentage of crime than ever before in its history. Within the SWAT team, Trent' s four-man unit is the most successful. However, the number of unsolved crime increases every year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The police department focuses more on crimes involving serious injury or significant property damage' most logically resolves the apparent paradox.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6563, "premise": "With the increasing prominence of global energy, environment, climate change and other issues, space solar energy has aroused the interest of the United States and other countries.In the long run, space solar energy can not only reduce human dependence on limited fossil energy, but also a way to replace the large-scale diffusion of nuclear energy and space solar energy can also bring a new era of space utilization and exploration.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Space solar energy will bring revolutionary influence to aerospace industry' is the gist of the paragraph according to the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11061, "premise": "It is an absurd idea that whatever artistic endeavor the government refuses to support it does not allow, as one can see by rephrasing the statement to read: No one is allowed to create art without a government subsidy.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in which \"Every driver who gets arrested has broken the law\" is most similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8635, "premise": "Youth phase refers to how adolescents perceive their level of youth development to be earlier, more timely or later than their peers.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, junior high school students in the adolescent physical health development self-assessment scale carefully ticking the normal option is timely in the phase of youth activation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4575, "premise": "The survey shows that 59.4% of the public feel that the current social Reverse Elimination phenomenon is common, of which 18.8% feel very much. The so-called Reverse Elimination, in short, refers to the elimination of the bad, the elimination of the good, the inferior, the elimination of the high-quality, the mediocre, the elimination of the outstanding and so on.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, reverse elimination phenomena is the fact that the efficacy of some high-priced cough drugs in the market is not as good as that of low-cost common drugs, and in fact, common drugs account for a small market share.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5137, "premise": "Scientists conducted a study on 76 heart disease patients. They used three methods: a volunteer to bring a dog to visit the patient, a volunteer to visit the patient and no volunteer to test separately the response of these patients. It was found that in the first case, the patient's anxiety level dropped by 24%, in the second case, the patient's anxiety level only dropped by 10%, and in the third case, the patient's anxiety level remained at the original level. Therefore, scientists believe that dogs can help people with heart disease to reduce anxiety.", "hypothesis": "Most of the dogs that volunteers bring to visit patients are more docile can weaken the scientists' argument most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5519, "premise": "Parkinson's Law means that the administrative hierarchy will increase like a pyramid, the administrative staff will expand, and everyone is busy, but the organizational efficiency is getting lower and lower. The reason for this phenomenon is that an incompetent official usually appoints two people with lower levels as assistants, and the two assistants will find two more incompetent assistants for themselves, and so on, A bloated organization was formed", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the capable people in a poor county can not be reused, and those with mediocre ability are overstaffed into administrative institutions, resulting in an increasing number of people eating imperial food in poor counties of the country can be explained by Parkinson's law.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10231, "premise": "In today's economic globalization, western cultural classics and traditions are still surviving and continuing. In the United States, the president is sworn in according to the Bible, and pupils recite the oath of a nation under the protection of God every week. In China, primary school students no longer study the classics, and there are no people to take the oath of office according to the Analects of Confucius. China has become a country that has almost lost all its cultural classics and traditions.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is the statement \"The reading of scriptures by primary school students is a symbol for a country and a nation to maintain its cultural classics and traditions.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1210, "premise": "Reading is a purely personal and very conscious thing. Reading itself is a very beautiful thing. In reading, the mind can consciously gallop in all kinds of time and space. By reading, people can think about the times and life. However, it pays too much attention to material life and despises spiritual life. It only stays in obtaining information without causing thinking, and its mentality is impetuous or thought collision in books, but now few people are really immersed in reading. They only read fragmented and superficial information from the network, and only stay in obtaining information without causing thinking. Nowadays, many books pay too much attention to pragmatism and emphasize the reading effect, such as if you practice XX in three months, you can be XX in 10 days.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above words is that reading should be a spiritual enjoyment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9015, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "It is possible that I serve on the subcommittee, and there is P.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3642, "premise": "The threshold effect, also known as the inch-to-inch effect, means that once a person accepts a trivial request from others, he is likely to accept a larger request in order to avoid cognitive disharmony or to give others a consistent impression. This phenomenon is like climbing the doorsill step by step, so that you can climb the heights more easily and smoothly.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the situation where an enterprise has successfully developed a kind of white toothpaste to remove smoke stains, which has been praised by the market because of its good effect in removing smoke stains, and then launched several kinds of white toothpaste with different tastes does not meet the threshold effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9264, "premise": "A school has seven outstanding students G, H, L, M, U, W and Z. During the summer vacation, the school will send them to England and the United States to study. Only these seven students from the school took part in the activity, and each of them happened to go to one of the two countries. Considering the specialty of each student, the following conditions must be met in this activity: (1) if G goes to the England, then H goes to the United States. (2) if L goes to England, then both M and U go to the United States. (3) the country where W goes is different from that of Z. (4) the country where U goes is different from that of G. (5) if Z goes to the England, H also goes to the England.", "hypothesis": "A complete and accurate list of students going to England includes M, U, and W.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7962, "premise": "Modern psychological research believes that when a person feels upset, depressed, or anxious, his body's blood pressure and oxidation will decrease, and when he is in a happy mood, his entire metabolism will improve.", "hypothesis": "Good or bad mood is closely related to one's physical health can be inferred from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2762, "premise": "Professor Zhang: since the 1980s, the number of striped owls has decreased sharply. At present, they are in danger of extinction. Timber harvesting companies are responsible for this. The old forest areas they cut heavily are the habitat of owls. Researcher Li: the decline in the number of striped owls cannot be attributed to wood harvesting companies. In the past 30 years, a more fertile striped owl has entered the old forest area and competed with the Striped Owl for survival resources.", "hypothesis": "Another explanation for the decline in the number of striped owls is proposed best summarizes researcher Li's Refutation of Professor Zhang's point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12060, "premise": "The Biocarb Company wants to build a sterilization plant to treat contaminated medical waste in a city neighborhood where residents and environmental activists fear that such a facility will pollute the area. Biocarb' s president argues that the operation of the plant cannot cause pollution because the waste would be sterile after processing by the plant. He claims that after exposure for an hour to superheated steam in the autoclave, such refuse would be far cleaner than food prepared in the cleanest kitchen.", "hypothesis": "The president's argument depends on the assumption that no others besides environmental activists are concerned about pollution hazards that can result from processing medical waste.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 315, "premise": "The realization of great dreams has never proceeded smoothly. It is bound to be difficult to forge ahead in coping with challenges and resolving risks. Only by enhancing the sense of anxiety and deeply understanding that the problems after development are not less than when there is no development, and the reform of entering the deep water area is no easier than the beginning of the initial reform, can we calmly deal with a series of complex contradictions and problems to ensure the smooth realization of great dreams.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, then it must be true that only in the smooth progress is it necessary to enhance the sense of anxiety.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5256, "premise": "In 1784, the famous astronomer William Herschel once wrote that the dark areas on the surface of Mars are oceans, and the brighter areas are land. Herschel speculated that there must be intelligent life on Mars, and they may be similar to us on Earth. Herschel's theory has been popular for more than a century, and even some other astronomers have echoed that vegetation can be observed in some brightly colored areas.", "hypothesis": "If the followings are true, where vegetation can be observed, there may be intelligent life can best support Herschel's conjecture.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2777, "premise": "Xiao Li was admitted to Tsinghua University, or Xiao Sun was not admitted to Peking University. If Xiao Zhang is admitted to Peking University, Xiao Sun is also admitted to Peking University; If Xiao Zhang is not admitted to Peking University, Xiao Li is admitted to Tsinghua University.", "hypothesis": "If the above determination is true, Xiao Zhang failed to enter Peking University.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9819, "premise": "Explicit learning is the learning of intentionally searching or applying rules to the field of stimuli. In the process of explicit learning, people's learning behavior is controlled by consciousness, has a clear purpose, needs to pay attention to resources, and needs to make certain efforts. Implicit learning refers to a kind of subconscious learning without will effort. The characteristic of this kind of learning is that people subconsciously acquire certain knowledge, and without the effort of will, the knowledge can be extracted and applied to the operation of specific tasks.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Fang often accompanies his grandfather to play go, and before he knows it, he can also play go belongs to explicit learning according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10360, "premise": "The legislature is discussing a proposal to ban fishing in Huanglong Bay. Although the fishing ban will have a significant impact on the local economy, which is underpinned by the fishing industry, the proposal must also be implemented. Huanglong Bay is one of the areas with the highest level of water pollution. Recent studies have shown that 80% of the fish in Huanglong Bay contain toxins that exceed the national safety standards, and continued fishing will cause serious hazards to public health.", "hypothesis": "The principle of choosing the lesser of two evils is adopted based on the foreseeable consequences most accurately expresses the underlying principles on which the above argument is based.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2950, "premise": "Only in the process of multiple circulation can general commodities continue to increase in value, but as a special commodity, works of art reflect different characteristics from general commodities. In the auction market, the transaction prices of some antiques, calligraphy and painting are very random, which are often directly affected by accidental factors such as the atmosphere of the auction site, the intensity of bidding and the psychological changes of buyers. Sometimes the transaction price is dozens or even hundreds of times higher than the reserve price, so that the art products can realize significant value-added in a Circulation.", "hypothesis": "Some buyers just want to hype art in order to make high profits does not explain the above phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7136, "premise": "There are four people, they are thieves, robbers, judges and policemen. The first man said, the second man is not a thief. the second man said, the third man is a policeman. the third man said, the fourth man is not a judge. the fourth man said, I am not a policeman, and only the police will tell the truth except me.", "hypothesis": "If the fourth person is telling the truth, the third man is a policeman and the fourth man is a judge.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3494, "premise": "Substitution effect: When the price of an item rises, consumers tend to substitute other items for the item that has become expensive, so as to obtain satisfaction at the cheapest price.", "hypothesis": "A certain stock appreciating and many people competing for it is not a substitution effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8018, "premise": "Goethe commented that Paganini showed a fiery soul on the strings. Parisians were so intoxicated by the sound of his piano that they forgot the cholera epidemic at that time. In Vienna, a blind man heard the sound of his piano and thought it was a band playing. When he learned that it was only the sound played by an Italian named Paganini on a violin, the blind man shouted, this is a devil!", "hypothesis": "The passage is intended to emphasize the strong power of imitation of Paganini.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2057, "premise": "British cruise ships sold to Egypt were unpopular at first, while French-built cruise ships sold better. It turns out that there are many empty spaces for French cruise ships, but the rooms for British cruise ships are much larger than those built in France. Through analysis, the British come to the conclusion that psychologically, people care about the width of the outside far more than the need for the width of the room. As a result, the British shrank the size of the rooms on the cruise ship and widened the rest. As a result, British cruise ships became bestsellers.", "hypothesis": "An inaccurate understanding of this passage is \"People all compare the future with a broad, broad world, hoping that their tomorrow will be broad and bright and it will be the same in real life.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10590, "premise": "Some biologists believe that the capacity for flight first developed in marine reptiles, claiming that feathers are clearly developed from scales. Other biologists rightly reject this suggestion, pointing out that bats have no scales and that nonmarine reptiles also have scales. Those who believe that flight first developed in tree-dwelling reptiles reject the claim that the limbs of land-dwelling reptiles might have developed into wings. They insist that it is more likely that tree-dwelling reptiles developed wings to assist their leaps from branch to branch.", "hypothesis": "The claim that nonmarine reptiles have scales is cited as evidence against the claim that the capacity for flight first developed in marine reptiles.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8620, "premise": "Teacher Wu, Teacher Zhang, Teacher Sun, and Teacher Su are all teachers in a certain school, and each only teaches one course in Chinese, biology, physics, and chemistry. Known: \u2460If Mr. Wu teaches Chinese, then Mr. Zhang does not teach students \u2461Or Mr. Sun teaches Chinese, or Mr. Wu teaches Chinese \u2462If Mr. Zhang does not teach biology, then Mrs. Su also does not teach physics \u2463Or Mrs. Wu does not teach chemistry, Or Mr. Su teaches physics", "hypothesis": "If Teacher Wu teaches chemistry, it can be deduced that Teacher Sun teaches Chinese.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14637, "premise": "Space programs have recently suffered several setbacks with respect to their large projects, and much money has been lost. Consequently, these grand projects should be abandoned in favor of several small ones.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Large projects are intrinsically more likely to fail and so are more financially risky than small projects' provides the most support for the reasoning above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8840, "premise": "Seven security guards, Zhao, Qian, Sun, Li, Wu, Zheng, and Wang, take turns on the night shift every week. In terms of duty hours, it is now known that Zhao is one day behind Sun; Li is two days behind Wu; Qian is three days ahead of Wang; Zheng is between Qian and Sun, on Thursday.", "hypothesis": "Li is on Tuesday is a true statement regarding night shift based on the above question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3614, "premise": "Mo Yan, a Chinese writer, won the Nobel Prize for Literature for his works such asBreast fat buttocks and frogs. He combined magical realism with folktales, history with contemporary society. After winning the award, his collection of works was snapped up in many domestic cities and became the best-selling book recently, and then began to go out of China and to the world, and was deeply sought after by foreign readers.", "hypothesis": "Readers at home and abroad attach great importance to the evaluation results of the Nobel Prize can be derived from this.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5937, "premise": "An aircraft engine manufacturer has developed a new type of engine with better safety performance than the old engine. In the first year when the new and old engines were sold at the same time, the sales of the old engine exceeded the new engine, and the manufacturer concluded The conclusion is that safety is not the customer's primary consideration.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Both private jet owners and airlines buy engines from this aircraft engine manufacturer' would weaken the manufacturer's conclusion most severely.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11957, "premise": "Roses always provide a stunning display of color, but only those flowers that smell sweet are worth growing in a garden. Some roses have no scent.", "hypothesis": "Some flowers which provide a stunning display of color are not worth growing in a garden can be properly drawn from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10585, "premise": "A distinguished British judge, Justice Upton, said that whether some administrative decision by a government minister is reasonable is a question that judges, by their training and experience, should be well-equipped to answer, or else there would be something badly wrong with the legal system, and there is little reason to suppose that there is. ", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of Justice Upton's argument is that if something were badly wrong with the legal system, judges would be ill-equipped to determine whether a government minister's decisions are reasonable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8919, "premise": "In a magic show, from the seven magicians - G.H.K.L.N.P and Q, select 6 to perform, perform into two teams: 1 team and 2 team. Each team by the front, middle and after three positions, playing the magician just each occupies a position, the selection and position arrangement of the magician must meet the following conditions :(1) if the arrangement of G or H play, they must be in the front. (2) If K is to play, he must be in the middle. (3) If L is to play, he must be in team 1. (4) Neither P nor K can be on the same team as N. (5) P cannot be in the same team as Q. (6) If H is in team 2, Q is in the middle position of team 1.", "hypothesis": "Q must be on team 2 if G is on team 1 and K is on team 2.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6464, "premise": "The word Skyscraper was originally a special term for the crew, meaning a tall pole or sail on a sailboat, and then it evolved into a specific term in architecture. In 1883, skyscraper first appeared in the article American Architects and Architecture News written by an American fantasy writer, and the term was born. Since then, many skyscrapers have been built, one after another, towering in the skies of major cities around the world.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, the crew and the writer incorrectly understood the term skyscraper.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12206, "premise": "Ambiguity inspires interpretation. The saying, We are the measure of all things,  for instance, has been interpreted by some people to imply that humans are centrally important in the universe, while others have interpreted it to mean simply that, since all knowledge is human knowledge, humans must rely on themselves to find the truth.", "hypothesis": "The view that ambiguity inspires interpretation is a view that other statements in the argument are intended to support.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6022, "premise": "Act and omission together constitute a legal act. Action means that the subject should make a certain action. Omission is a legal act performed in a passive manner without external action.", "hypothesis": "The act of Duan putting pesticides into Wang's chicken feed due to a quarrel is the act.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11215, "premise": "Mainstream economic theory holds that manufacturers, in deciding what kinds of products to manufacture and what form those products should have, simply respond to the needs and desires of consumers. However, most major manufacturers manipulate and even create consumer demand, as anyone who watches television knows. Since even mainstream economic theorists watch television, their motive in advancing this theory must be something other than disinterested concern for scientific truth.", "hypothesis": "The claim that manufacturers manipulate and create consumer demand is the conclusion of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1908, "premise": "Since its establishment in 1974, the Independent Commission against Corruption (ICAC) has vigorously cracked down on corruption, investigating more than 2200 corruption and bribery cases and prosecuting 1355 unscrupulous government officials. In a small place in Hong Kong, there are so many investigations and so many people involved, but it has not hindered Hong Kong's economic development and prosperity.", "hypothesis": "The argument is supported by the statement that Hong Kong's economic development and prosperity is largely due to its clean and efficient civil service.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15023, "premise": "Millions of irreplaceable exhibits in natural history museums are currently allowed to decay. Yet without analyses of eggs from museums, the studies linking pesticides with the decline of birds of prey would have been impossible. Ttherefore, funds must be raised to preserve at least those exhibits that will be most valuable to science in the future.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"if a museum exhibit is irreplaceable, its preservation is of an importance that overrides economic considerations\" is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 262, "premise": "A research team from Celera Genomics reported in the journal Science that compared mouse chromosomes with human chromosomes, they found that the two have 95% similarity in terms of genes, gene content, and DNA sequence. Therefore, in fact, there is not much difference between mouse and human.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the main criterion for judging the difference between species is the similarity of species in genes relies on the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2513, "premise": "Market research shows that in the price war, the price of famous-brand computers is reduced by no more than 10%, so the price of Shenzhou computers is reduced by no more than 10%.", "hypothesis": "Shenzhou computer is not a famous brand computer can best overturn the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15158, "premise": "Eva: A smart highway system should be installed, one that would monitor areawide traffic patterns and communicate with computers in vehicles or with programmable highway signs to give drivers information about traffic congestion and alternate routes. Such a system, we can infer, would result in improved traffic flow in and around cities that would do more than improve drivers' tempers; it would decrease the considerable loss of money and productivity that now results from traffic congestion. Louis: There are already traffic reports on the radio. Why would a smart highway system be any better? .", "hypothesis": "The assumption that older vehicles could not be fitted with equipment to receive signals sent by a smart highway system is required by Eva's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10842, "premise": "The formation of hurricanes that threaten the United States mainland is triggered by high atmospheric winds off the western coast of Africa. When abundant rain falls in sub-Saharan Africa, hurricanes afterward hit the United States mainland with particular frequency. Ttherefore, the abundant rains must somehow promote the ability of the winds to form hurricanes.", "hypothesis": "The argument that the chicory plant's blossoms must open up in the dark contains a flaw that is similar to one in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5595, "premise": "All dinosaurs stood on the ground with their legs upright, which is different from cold-blooded reptiles lying on the ground with their limbs; The bone structure of dinosaurs is similar to that of warm blooded mammals; The lung structure of dinosaurs is very similar to that of warm blooded animals; In modern ecosystems (such as African grasslands), the ratio between warm-blooded predators (such as lions) and predators (such as antelopes) is a constant. Statistics of dinosaur fauna in North America show that the ratio between predators and predators is similar to this constant. All these show that dinosaurs are not dull and slow-moving cold-blooded animals, It is a warm blooded animal with high metabolism and quick action.", "hypothesis": "Marine mammals such as cetaceans are not upright, but warm blooded animals cannot refute the above reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5499, "premise": "t present, people love tourism more and more. Many tourists will travel to some famous cities. There is often such a phenomenon: on the way to visit scenic spots, the Miss tour guide will always stop in front of several handicraft processing plants and persuade everyone to visit the factory. She says that the products are cheap and it doesn't matter whether they buy or not. Therefore, some tourists often complain, but this behavior continues, Even one year is better than another", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The manufacturer's products are sold directly, the quality is guaranteed, and the price is really cheap. Why not' is the least likely cause of the above phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15001, "premise": "The Kiffer Forest Preserve, in the northernmost part of the Abbimac Valley, is where most of the bears in the valley reside. During the eight years that the main road through the preserve has been closed the preserve' s bear population has nearly doubled. Thus, the valley' s bear population will increase if the road is kept closed.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The bear population in the Abbimac Valley has remained about the same over the past eight years' most undermines the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1555, "premise": "Recently, some netizens expressed such concern: I have money in Alipay and Wechat. If I die unexpectedly one day, what will I do with the money (my family doesn't know about the money)? It struck a chord for a moment. According to the regulations of Internet companies, if personal accounts are not used for a long time, Alipay will be cancelled and Wechat will be recycled. This also means that personal network property is likely to be confiscated. Such a situation also exists in brick-and-mortar banks. But physical banks generally have relief mechanisms. For example, for dormant accounts, the bank can contact the second contact, or the relatives and friends of the parties with bank cards to inquire. Inspired by this, the problem of dormant account on the network platform should be solved by legislation.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that it is suggested that there is a risk in the online bank account.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4778, "premise": "All leaders who care about the personal development of employees have been proven to be well-managed leaders; while leaders who really care about the personal development of employees first focus on the career development of employees. Therefore, those who do not first focus on Leaders who care about the career development of employees are not well-managed leaders.", "hypothesis": "In order for the above argument to be true, all well-managed leaders must be leaders who care about the personal development of employees.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14451, "premise": "The most common amphibian in the Tropicalico jungle is a unique variety of tree frog, but this variety is almost never seen, even by trained researchers studying the amphibian. Surprisingly, this frog is seen even less than tinier and less populous amphibian varieties, possibly less than any other amphibian type within the jungle.", "hypothesis": "Each of the following, if true, helps to reconcile the statements above EXCEPT: Almost all of the trees within the Tropicalico jungle are covered in vines that bear a remarkable similarity to the patterns on the skin of the tree frog.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1167, "premise": "In China, all citizens are protected by the Constitution. On the contrary, it is dangerous and weird to talk about protecting the rich in the context of resources that the poor are not fully protected. It is likely to cause public opinion rupture and harm to the relationship between the rich and the poor. In a sense, on the stage of China's market economy, the profit-seeking nature of the rich groups represented by entrepreneurs seems to be more worthy of our vigilance than the struggling survival of the poor.", "hypothesis": "The most likely meaning of the passage is that the issue of rich and poor should be discussed on the premise of fairness.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6497, "premise": "As people live longer and retire faster, they have more and more time available. In Asian countries, the importance of enjoying a leisurely life is gaining new attention. As Asian countries move rapidly towards an aging society, they are trying to figure out how to prepare the rest of the population to embrace retirement. As baby boomers begin to retire, the problem becomes more urgent.", "hypothesis": "The problem of prolonging life and postponing retirement is intended to be discussed.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9825, "premise": "Division is a logical method of dividing the objects reflected by a concept into several small categories to confirm the extension of the concept, or it can be said to be a logical method of dividing an extended generic concept into several juxtaposed species concepts. Decomposition is to divide an object into several parts in thinking, and there is not a species relationship between the concept that reflects the part and the concept that reflects the whole.", "hypothesis": "Celestial bodies in the universe can be divided into natural and man-made celestial bodies is correctly divided according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12190, "premise": "Ostrich farming requires far less acreage than cattle ranching requires, and ostriches reproduce much faster than cattle. Starting out in cattle ranching requires a large herd of cows, one bull, and at least two acres per cow. By contrast, two pairs of yearling ostriches and one acre of similar land are enough to begin ostrich farming. The start-up costs for ostrich farming are greater, but it can eventually bring in as much as five times what cattle ranching does.", "hypothesis": "Two pairs of yearling ostriches are more expensive than a herd of cows and a bull is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10197, "premise": "Due to the rise in oil prices, the state has raised the sales prices of gasoline and other oil products, which has led to an increase in taxi operating costs and a reduction in drivers' income. According to the survey, more than 95% of taxi drivers in Beijing oppose a taxi fare increase because it will lead to fewer passengers, but opposing a fare increase does not mean they are willing to reduce their income.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Taxi drivers hope to reduce the monthly rent paid to taxi companies, thereby eliminating the impact of rising oil prices' can explain the seemingly contradictory attitude of taxi drivers in Beijing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8923, "premise": "Turkey has applied to join the EU since 1987, and the two sides are still engaged in difficult negotiations. For strategic reasons, the EU needs Turkey, and a categorical no to Turkey would deprive the EU of Turkish cooperation in security, justice, energy and other areas. However, if Turkey joins the EU, it will bring a series of problems to the EU, such as the disharmony of cultural and religious views, the heavy burden of economic subsidies, and the impact of the influx of immigrants on the job market.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that 'In the long run, the EU cannot both obtain Turkey's full cooperation and completely avoid the difficult problems of Turkish membership' can be inferred from the statement above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5915, "premise": "In the past 15 years, there have been great innovations in world technology, especially in communications, information and electronics. Undoubtedly, technological progress has improved production, and strengthening technical forces is an important factor in promoting economic growth.", "hypothesis": "Technological progress determines economic growth can be derived from the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14432, "premise": "Some anthropologists study modern-day societies of foragers in an effort to learn about our ancient ancestors who were also foragers. A flaw in this strategy is that forager societies are extremely varied. Indeed, any forager society with which anthropologists are familiar has had considerable contact with modern, non-forager societies.", "hypothesis": "All forager societies throughout history have had a number of important features in common that are absent from other types of societies would most weaken the criticism made above of the anthropologists' strategy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4458, "premise": "By testing a certain number of newborns, researchers found that newborns are born with the recognition of some graphics.", "hypothesis": "If the above test results are correct, most of human's recognition ability of graphics is obtained through learning must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13436, "premise": "Futurist: Artists in the next century will be supported largely by private patrons. Because these patrons will almost invariably be supporters of the social order -- whatever it happens to be at the time -- art in the next century will rarely express social and political doctrines that are perceived to be subversive of that social order.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'Art patrons tend not to support artists whose art expresses social and political views that are in opposition to their own' provides the most support for the futurist's inference if it is valid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8908, "premise": "Whether a person does good behavior or bad behavior depends on the length of his life. If he only had one day to live, it would be best for him to steal people's things, because he would not suffer the pain of fear of being caught. Stealing is not the best thing for someone who has 20 years left to live because he will suffer from the fear of being caught.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Only if you suffer from the pain of being caught, will you not steal other people's things' would weaken the above argument if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 386, "premise": "Several students guessed the ranking of the physics competition. Zhong said, Hua is third and Ren is fifth. Hua said, Min is fifth and Gong is fourth. Ren said, Zhong is first and Min is fourth. Min said, Ren is first and Hua is second.Gong said, Zhong is third and Min is fourth. It is known that there is no parallel ranking in this competition, and there are talents for each ranking.", "hypothesis": "Ren is first, Min is second, Zhong is third, Gong is fourth and Hua is fifth should be the ranking.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12504, "premise": "Scientist: Some colonies of bacteria produce antibiotic molecules called phenazines, which they use to fend off other bacteria. We hypothesize that phenazines also serve as molecular pipelines that give interior bacteria access to essential nutrients in the environment surrounding the colony.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The rate at which a bacteria colony produces phenazines is determined by the number of foreign bacteria in the environment immediately surrounding the colony' provides the most support for the scientist's hypothesis.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 194, "premise": "Cultivating the aesthetic taste of students majoring in design is very important, so the school should offer the course of Chinese and Western Art History for them.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"There is no significant difference in aesthetic taste between students who have taken the course of Chinese and Western Art History and students who have not taken this course\" will weaken the above conclusion most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14190, "premise": "Newspaper subscriber: Arnot' s editorial argues that by making certain fundamental changes in government we would virtually eliminate our most vexing social ills. But clearly this conclusion is false. After all, the argument Arnot makes for this claim depends on the dubious assumption that government can be trusted to act in the interest of the public.", "hypothesis": "The argument uses the key term government in one sense in a premise and in another sense in the conclusion, which most accurately expresses a flaw in its reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10181, "premise": "According to four major studies conducted over the past decade, the number of obese children in Beijing's urban areas has been on the rise, with more than 85 percent of children of the same age being considered obese.", "hypothesis": "Children in Beijing's urban areas are more likely to become obese as they get older can be drawn if the findings in the survey are correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6018, "premise": "The economic system belongs to the relations of production. At present, although the relations of production of public ownership is dominant in our country, but productivity is low,.The contradiction that causes productivity and Relations of production is very outstanding.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Relations of production determines productivity' can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6706, "premise": "In today's international system, when the nation-state is no longer the only international actor, it is necessary to shape new identity, instead of using old bottles of new wine to advocate moderate, rational and open new nationalism, but should transcend nationalism itself. Nowadays, when sovereign states rather than nation-states are the basic unit of the international community, patriotism should be used instead of nationalism, so as to be proud of the country and inspire the future.", "hypothesis": "The international system should develop in the direction of moderation, rationality and openness is the opinion of the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7954, "premise": "If a court juror is too professional, he may lose the normal vision of an ordinary person due to a strong professional perspective. The law is formulated for ordinary people, and it needs ordinary people to obey it to be effective. Similarly, the judicial process also needs ordinary people. Institutionalized participation.", "hypothesis": "The question that this text addresses is whether professionals serve as court jurors, as pointed out by the answer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3661, "premise": "The government should prohibit liquor companies from deducting advertising expenses from their operating income. In this way, liquor enterprises will pay more taxes, and they will have to raise the price of liquor, which in turn can restrain liquor consumption and reduce the incidence of various diseases caused by excessive drinking.", "hypothesis": "The hypothetical premise of the above discussion is likely to be that it is impossible for liquor enterprises to offset the overpaid tax by reducing the cost of other aspects.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9446, "premise": "The latest research shows that drinking green tea regularly is good for the cardiovascular system.The researchers followed and studied more than 100,000 participants for seven years.Participants were divided into two groups: those who drank green tea more than three times a week (those who drank green tea more than three times a week) and those who did not drink green tea (those who never drank green tea or drank green tea less than three times a week). The researchers found that those who drank green tea had a 20% lower risk of heart disease and stroke and a 22% lower risk of dying from heart disease and stroke than those who did not drink green tea.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Participants in the green tea group were generally older than those in the non-green tea group' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10709, "premise": "College professor: College students do not write nearly as well as they used to. Almost all of the papers that my students have done for me this year have been poorly written and ungrammatical.", "hypothesis": "The most serious weakness in the argument made by the professor is that it does not take into account the possibility that the professor is a poor teacher.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10658, "premise": "A study comparing infant care revealed that the amount of stimulation babies receive affects their sleep. At six months of age, the babies in the study with a less stimulating daytime routine slept an average of two hours more per day than those with a more stimulating routine. Since sleep plays a very important role in a child' s development, parents would be wise to reduce the amount of stimulation their babies receive.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Babies with less stimulating routines usually get extra sleep during the day' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13234, "premise": "On average, the number of speeding tickets issued in County X every year is three times greater than the number of speeding tickets issued in County Y during the same period. Ttherefore, the number of people who exceed the speed limit must be higher in County X than in County Y.", "hypothesis": "The argument fails to take into account that the number of tickets issued in County X may reflect a lower proportion of drivers overall in that county describes a flaw in the reasoning above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14792, "premise": "Ethicist: An action is wrong if it violates a rule of the society in which the action is performed and that rule promotes the general welfare of people in the society. An action is right if it is required by a rule of the society in which the action is performed and the rule promotes the general welfare of the people in that society.", "hypothesis": "Edward's taking care of his aged parents is the right thing for him to do because the rule requiring this action promotes the general welfare of people in the society most closely conforms to the principle cited by the ethicist.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1812, "premise": "No matter what the reason, the vulgarization of network language has caused harm to the construction of network civilization and even reduced the degree of civilization of the whole society.At present, the development path of the network language has been very clear, from the virtual space to the spoken language, after entering the written language, it may eventually precipitate into all aspects of the language application. If the network vulgar language is allowed to develop, over time, they will become idioms.", "hypothesis": "The option 'We should be alert to the possibility of the transformation of network language into idioms' is intended to be explained in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6987, "premise": "Ballet in China has been more than a century since it was performed at the court in the late Qing Dynasty, and it has been nearly 100 years since Russia began to teach in Shanghai in the 1920s. There is indeed a big gap between ballet and Chinese traditional aesthetics, but the Chinese can accept it smoothly for a hundred years. Even in the years of the Cultural Revolution, ballet was still popular on the stage and played an important role as a model. Ballet, once appreciated by the European court, has been Sinicized in China, and a number of Chinese players have stepped onto the podium in the international arena.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Ballet takes root and blossoms in China with its unique charm.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 779, "premise": "Concept confusion refers to the informal fallacy caused by the ambiguity and ambiguity of natural language. Configuration ambiguity refers to the ambiguity fallacy caused by the incorrect grammatical structure of a sentence.", "hypothesis": "Configuration ambiguity, according to the above definition, is when one person went to the fortune teller and asked about the family, and the fortune teller said that his father died before his mother.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5154, "premise": "Scientists in a certain country recently stated that they have successfully used embryonic stem cells to artificially cultivate O type RH negative blood in the laboratory for the first time. Because O type RH negative blood is called universal blood type, it can match any other blood type, which makes humans will be no need to worry about blood source tension anymore.", "hypothesis": "The production of O type RH negative blood requires A, B and AB blood type Rh negative type as raw materials, and these blood types are also scarce would weaken the above conclusion the most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5745, "premise": "Reference dependence means that an individual judges the value of gains and losses based on a reference point. Above the reference point, the individual feels the gain, and vice versa. The perception of loss and gain depends on the choice of the reference point.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'My sister got 99 points in the mid-term exam and 95 points in the final exam, and my mother criticized her; my younger brother got 75 points in the mid-term exam and 85 points in the final exam, and my mother rewarded him' is not reference dependency.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}

{"id": 2141, "premise": "The two-dimensional code is to record the symbolic information of the data on the black-and-white graphics distributed in the plane according to a certain rule with a certain geometric figure. In the compilation of the code, the concept of 01 bit stream is used to represent the text numerical information with several geometric shapes corresponding to the binary system, and the information is automatically read by the image input device or the photoelectric scanning device to realize the automatic processing of the information. The number of bits that a QR code can represent is fixed. The more information it contains, the less redundancy it will have: conversely, the greater the redundancy.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the text numerical information is converted into a geometric shape corresponding to the binary system, which can be read by the equipment does not match the meaning of the QR code.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11055, "premise": "Geoffrey never attends a movie without watching the trailer and generally tries to read the reviews prior to the show. At the theater, Geoffrey sometimes buys popcorn and always buys a bottle of water. Geoffrey recently saw the eighth installment of the Boy Wizard Chronicles.", "hypothesis": "Geoff Geoffrey watched the Boy Wizard Chronicles' trailer and drank a bottle of water during the show must be true based on these true statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9634, "premise": "Rush-off anxiety refers to the phenomena that families or schools, worried about their children's lack of competitiveness, are eager to carry out advanced education, deepen teaching content and violate the basic laws of education and teaching.", "hypothesis": "On the eve of the math competition for middle school students in the city, a certain school repeatedly hired university professors to take up the time of other courses to carry out intensive training for the contestants is not the Rush-off anxiety.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10306, "premise": "When there is inflation or economic overheating in a country, the government often adopts tight monetary policies such as tightening monetary policy, raising interest rates, raising the discount rate and so on. However, in 1990, in order to suppress the excessively high stock market and real estate bubbles, the Japanese government continued to increase the discount rate, which finally led to deflation, which led to the stagnation of the Japanese economy for more than a decade. From 1995 to 1996, in order to curb the asset price bubble, the Central Bank of Thailand continuously tightened monetary policy, continued to raise interest rates, curbed investment and consumption, and led to the Great Recession.Based on this, it can be concluded that", "hypothesis": "Tight monetary policy is likely to lead to an economic downturn is the most appropriate statement as the conclusion of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14823, "premise": "A manager is hoping to reach a certain target for camera sales in his store, which sells between 10 and 20 cameras a week. Typically, most cameras sold in any week are the less expensive economy models, and his store has sold relatively fewer of the more expensive, high-end cameras. The manager realizes that if, on average, three more cameras sold each week were high-end instead of economy models, the store would reach its target in sales. The manager prepares a detailed information sheet for the sales associates, outlining the numerous advantages of the high-end cameras over the economy cameras, and provides each sales associate with a portfolio of contrasting photos of the same images, showing the clearly superior image quality of the high-end cameras.", "hypothesis": "The high end cameras can generate photographs of profession quality, such as those a portrait photographer might produce would provide most support for the prediction that the detailed information sheet and photo portfolio given to sales associates will have its intended effect of allowing the store to reach its target in sales.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 426, "premise": "Psychological contract refers to the implied relationship between the individual and the organization that is not expressly stipulated in the respective responsibilities and expectations of each other.", "hypothesis": "Combined with its own development blueprint, the enterprise provides career design for employees is a measure to establish a psychological contract according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10353, "premise": "Countries with a small highly educated population are destined to be economically and politically weak. However, countries with a large highly educated population have a serious financial commitment to public education. So any country with a government that can make such a commitment will get rid of economic and political weakness.", "hypothesis": "If the climate changes suddenly, it will be more difficult for animals with a single type of food to survive. However, animals with a wide variety of foods will not, because sudden changes in climate will only eliminate certain kinds of food is the most similar option to the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13348, "premise": "Antibiotics are standard ingredients in animal feed because they keep animals healthy and increase meat yields. However, scientists have recommended phasing out this practice, believing it may make antibiotics less effective in humans. If meat yields are reduced, however, some farmers will go out of business.", "hypothesis": "If the health of their animals declines, most farmers will not be able to stay in business is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 615, "premise": "Appeal to ignorance is a logical fallacy. It means that people specify a thing as correct only because it has not been proved wrong, or conclude that a thing is wrong only because it has not been proved to be correct.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'You lack evidence of alibi, so you must be there' belongs to appeal to ignorance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9638, "premise": "In the development of society and daily life, the decisions of enterprises and families are not only affected by visible costs, but also restricted by a variety of accounting books, but actually occupy the hidden costs of relevant manpower and material resources. Invisible cost, like dark matter, is difficult to observe, but its size and trend can be inferred from its impact on related economic activities. From the perspective of social development, if policy makers want to comprehensively reduce the cost of economic activities and reduce the burden on enterprises and families, in addition to giving concessions in visible costs such as taxes and fees, reducing hidden costs is also a very important part.", "hypothesis": "The key to decision-making is cost reduction is the most suitable for the title of this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6048, "premise": "If we can understand the reality of us and the enemy in a comprehensive way, then how many battles will not be lost. This sentence also applies to interpersonal communication, a person only know themselves first, can understand others. Anyone can only trust someone who knows him well, including himself. Imagine how a person can be trusted if he doesn't know you at all.", "hypothesis": "By fully understanding yourself, you can gain the trust of many people can be inferred based on the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3171, "premise": "The parliament of a certain country is going to spend four days discussing seven bills. The discussion arrangement must meet the following conditions: a maximum of three bills per day; Motion No. 4 must be put on the next day; Motion No. 1 and motion No. 5 were discussed on the same day; Motion No.4 was discussed after motion No.2 and before motion No.3; Motion No. 3 is discussed before motion No. 1 and after motion No. 6.", "hypothesis": "Motion No. 6 and motion No. 7 can be discussed on the first day.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5289, "premise": "The necessary condition is a judgment relationship. That means, if there is no antecedent (condition), there will be no subsequent (result); and if there is antecedent (condition), there may be no subsequent (result). It is a condition opposite to sufficient conditions and sufficient and necessary conditions.", "hypothesis": "If you want a horse to run well, you should ask the horse to eat enough grass is not a necessary condition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11650, "premise": "People always seem to associate high prices of products with high quality. But price is not necessarily an indicator of quality. The best teas are often no more expensive than the lower-quality teas.", "hypothesis": "Most people buy low-quality tea, thus keeping its price up does most to explain the apparent counterexample described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 194, "premise": "Cultivating the aesthetic taste of students majoring in design is very important, so the school should offer the course of Chinese and Western Art History for them.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Not all students who have studied the course of Chinese and Western Art History can become outstanding designers' will weaken the above conclusion most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 251, "premise": "Once consumers realize that inflation has begun, they will generally consume more. This increase can easily be explained by the phenomenon that consumers hope not to delay purchasing goods that are sure to increase in price. Even though consumers have prediced that prices will continue to rise as well as the wages. But during the long-term inflation period, consumers will eventually delay purchsing them and even daily goods.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because the increase in wages cannot keep up with the increase in prices, the purchasing power of consumers has declined during the long-term inflation period' can best help explain the obvious inconsistencies in consumer behavior described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1620, "premise": "Lu Xun's mastery of natural science knowledge is quite rich. This not only increases the critical power of his essays, but also greatly enhances the appeal. Lu Xun is very familiar with Entomology, so he can easily select appropriate insects to dissect them. Lu Xun pointed out in gossip at the end of spring This wasp is not only an ordinary murderer, but also a cruel murderer. It is also an anatomist with excellent knowledge and technology. It uses a poisonous needle to pincer the motor nerve ball of the green insect, anesthetizes it into a semi dead state, and then lays bee eggs on its coin to slowly hatch its children, which vividly reveals the high trick of the ruler to harm the people by fooling the people.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the quotation of Lu Xun's essays in the passage is to show that Lu Xun used natural science knowledge to make his essays more critical and infectious.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9735, "premise": "The level of governance of a city is often measured not by how many high-rise buildings it has built, but also by how much dignity the vulnerable groups have and whether their lives can be basically guaranteed. This is usually the case, and the same is true during the prevention and control of the epidemic. The task of prevention and control is arduous, and it is not easy to take care of all aspects and every group. But the more under these conditions, the more we should pay attention to the people who need the most attention: the more the public's life is pressed the pause button, the more we should pay attention to those who do not have a sustainable life, and provide them with warmth and confidence.", "hypothesis": "It is particularly important to protect people's livelihood during the prevention and control of the epidemic is the option that is intended to be emphasized by the author in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9669, "premise": "The Renaissance is generally regarded as an ideological and artistic movement that originated in Italy in the 14th century and then spread throughout Europe. Colonialism is often associated with the historical development of Europe since the end of the 15th century, such as the opening of new routes, the discovery of new continents and the political enslavement, economic exploitation and military occupation of Asia, Africa and Latin America. In the past, the studies of the two are far apart, but recently some scholars have keenly grasped that there is a covert superposition relationship between the two.", "hypothesis": "The Renaissance paved the way for colonialism is most likely to be described in this passage next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 280, "premise": "Small animals suitable for experimental use must reproduce fast and their genes should be as similar to humans as possible. Some small animals reproduce fast but have few genes similar to humans. Therefore, some fast-breeding small animals are not suitable for experiments.", "hypothesis": "Some students who are interested in cognitive science cannot take the course The Philosophy of Cognitive Science because they have not taken Theory of Knowledge and the course requires that students have taken Theory of Knowledge and be interested in cognitive science.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11999, "premise": "Lawyer: In a risky surgical procedure that is performed only with the patient' s informed consent, doctors intentionally cause the patient' s heart and brain functions to stop by drastically reducing the patient' s body temperature. When the procedure is completed, body temperature is quickly restored. Because the doctors deliberately stop the patient' s life functions, if these functions do not resume following the procedure, the medical team is technically guilty of manslaughter.", "hypothesis": "The principle that 'deliberately bringing about the cessation of a person's life functions is manslaughter if and only if the cessation is permanent' most helps to justify the lawyer's analysis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3775, "premise": "There are three chess grandmasters and three chess masters in a round robin, that is, each player has to compete with five other players. The scoring rules are as follows: 2 points for defeating a chess grandmaster and 1 point for defeating a chess master; a chess grandmaster loses 2 points and a chess master loses 1 point. If:", "hypothesis": "The highest score a chess grandmaster who has lost two games can get is 2 marks.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6407, "premise": "Goethe lived a rich life, and his understanding of life was derived from his experience of life. In his Conversation, you can find a diamond of statements. These words are scattered here and there, and do not want to control them, but their rays reflect each other.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Be thoughtful is diamond.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1773, "premise": "The latest figures show there are now around 13,000 new cases of malignant melanoma a year in the UK, up from 1,800 in 1975. In terms of prevalence, it affects 17 in every 10,000 Britons today, up from three in every 10,000 40 years ago. Malignant melanoma, which causes more than 2,000 deaths in the UK each year, is the fifth leading cancer killer. Cancer Research UK has linked the rise to lifestyle habits such as poor sun protection, the rise in sunbathing and the rise of 'artificial tanning'. Sunburn is itself a sign of damage to DNA in skin cells, which can build up over time and increase the risk of skin cancer.", "hypothesis": "The rate of malignant melanoma in the UK is now more than 50 times what it was 40 years ago is what the text says.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14625, "premise": "Accidents involving drivers who do not wear seatbelts have been shown to cause higher rates of serious injury than accidents involving drivers who do wear seatbelts. Because drivers who do not wear seatbelts can end up costing taxpayers money in medical bills, Thoracic County should make it illegal to drive without a seatbelt.", "hypothesis": "On particularly dangerous roads in Thoracic County, vehicular accidents of all kinds are common provides the most support for the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14360, "premise": "Yang: Yeast has long been known to be a leaven, that is, a substance used in baking to make breads rise. Since biblical evidence ties the use of leavens to events dating back to 1200 B. C. , we can infer that yeast was already known to be a leaven at that time. Campisi: I find your inference unconvincing; several leavens other than yeast could have been known in 1200 B. C.", "hypothesis": "Campisi counters Yang's argument by questioning the truth of a presumption underlying Yang's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10948, "premise": "In 1990 major engine repairs were performed on 10 percent of the cars that had been built by the National Motor Company in the 1970s and that were still registered. However, the corresponding figure for the cars that the National Motor Company had manufactured in the 1960s was only five percent.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The older a car is, the more likely it is to be discarded for scrap rather than repaired when major engine work is needed to keep the car in operation' most helps to explain the discrepancy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12224, "premise": "Historian: One traditional childrearing practice in the nineteenth century was to make a child who misbehaved sit alone outside. Anyone passing by would conclude that the child had misbehaved. Nowadays, many child psychologists would disapprove of this practice because they believe that such practices damage the child' s self-esteem and that damage to children' s self-esteem makes them less confident as adults. However, no one disagrees that adults raised under that traditional practice were, on average, as confident as adults not so raised.", "hypothesis": "The most confident adults are those who developed the highest level of self-esteem in childhood can be properly inferred from the historian's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12687, "premise": "Many scientists believe that bipedal locomotion (walking on two feet) evolved in early hominids in response to the move from life in dense forests to life in open grasslands. Bipedalism would have allowed early hominids to see over tall grasses, helping them to locate food and to detect and avoid predators. However, because bipedalism also would have conferred substantial advantages upon early hominids who never left the forest -- in gathering food found within standing reach of the forest floor, for example -- debate continues concerning its origins. It may even have evolved, like the upright threat displays of many large apes, because it bettered an individual' s odds of finding a mate.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Bipedal locomotion actually would not be advantageous to hominids living in open grassland environments' is most supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9602, "premise": "The academy is a unique form of culture and education in Chinese history. In the more than one thousand years of history process of the development of the academy, it is not only a symbol of Chinese culture, but also a window for Chinese culture to spread abroad. The name of the academy began in the Tang Dynasty, and it gradually evolved from the earliest institution of repairing and collecting books to a place with the function of teaching and research. The system of the academy continued to develop, grow and mature in the Song Dynasty. The Qing Dynasty was the heyday of the development of the academy, no matter in the remote areas or in the border towns. Not only that, the academy went abroad with Confucianism, took root, sprouted and flourished on the Korean Peninsula, and played an irreplaceable role in the spread of Chinese culture.", "hypothesis": "The main description of this passage is the influence of system of the academy spread all over our country and abroad.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5617, "premise": "Country A has produced a new type of fighter Su-30, but country B has two different voices on whether to introduce this fighter. Supporters believe that Su-34 has more powerful ground attack combat capability than the previously introduced Su-30", "hypothesis": "The statement \"At present, there are many frictions in bilateral trade between Party A and Party B, and there will be many practical difficulties in introducing Su-34\" weakens the voice of supporters.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4722, "premise": "Employment discrimination refers to a phenomenon that the employer has no legal basis and makes various restrictive provisions on potential employees in the future, so as to exclude the equal employment right of personnel who should be in line with relevant positions.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the recruitment of teachers in a university where the resettlement fee for newly recruited teachers with local accounts is 10000 yuan and only 5000 yuan if there is no local account is an example of employment discrimination.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5356, "premise": "The core of the corporate culture is the people-oriented values, specifically, respecting people, serving people, and developing people. Respecting people is equal, caring, understanding, and tolerant to people; serving people is to provide people with thoughtful and meticulous services and provide a variety of Measures to protect and guarantee; developing people is to fulfill people's various rights and interests in response to their actual needs and goals.", "hypothesis": "The values of business managers, industry insiders, and ordinary employees are at the core of the corporate culture according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10059, "premise": "There are four assertions about a criminal case: (1) there is evidence that Chen Hu did not commit the crime; (2) the perpetrator is either Wang Guang, Chen Hu, or Zhu Tong; (3) there is also evidence that Wang Guang didn't commit to crime; (4) The TV screen showed that at the time of the crime, Zhu Tong was in the audience of a football game far away from the crime scene.", "hypothesis": "Zhu Tong was definitely not in the audience at the football match is a correct description of the four assertions in the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7554, "premise": "Benchmarking effect: In a certain area, due to consumers' higher awareness of a certain brand, its price is often a lot higher than other similar products in the same area, and affects the price trend of similar products in the entire area.", "hypothesis": "The benchmarking effects of Lao Xu's online shop is the fact that it has made tens of thousands of profits in just six months.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2446, "premise": "Some people have made such a reasoning: Lu Xun's works can not be read in one day, and Longxugou is Lu Xun's work, so Longxugou can not be read in one day.", "hypothesis": "This reasoning is wrong because its conclusion is wrong is true for this reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1152, "premise": "In a mature economic policy system and economics education system, economic theory must be more realistic, and economic policies must also be based on theoretical logic. However, the combination of this theory and reality should rely on the expansion of the disciplines and theories The progress of China depends on the scientific division of labor and professional positioning, rather than on individual abilities or role changes.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The combination of economic theory and reality should be based on the expansion of subject boundaries and the progress of theory' is not understood correctly.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4437, "premise": "Archimedes will be remembered forever, and the playwright Aeschylus will be forgotten, because language will die and mathematical ideas will not die.", "hypothesis": "The premise 'Mathematical ideas are not language' may not be implied by this argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5604, "premise": "Confirmation Bias refers to paying too much attention to the information supporting our decision-making. When we subjectively believe that a certain view is correct, we tend to look for the information that can support this view and ignore the information that may overturn this view.", "hypothesis": "Since Xiao Wang had the idea of resigning, he always felt that the manager made trouble with him everywhere and even looked down on him. Even the manager joked with him and thought it was a mockery of him belongs to Confirmation Bias according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5863, "premise": "There are four siblings A B C D. A said D is the youngest sister. B said there is only one boy among the siblings, and C said I am A's sister.", "hypothesis": "If all of the above is true, A is second and it is a boy, B is third and it is a girl.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9596, "premise": "Youth A, B, C, D and E from a village applied for employment in a housing maintenance company. According to their respective expertise, five of them were employed as welders, bricklayers, electricians, carpenters and plumbers. It is known that each of them does only one type of work, and one of their five people does each type of work, and it is also known that: (1) if A works as a welder, C works as a carpenter; (2) if one of B and D works as a plumber, then A works as a welder; (3) C or works as a bricklayer, or an electrician.", "hypothesis": "If E works as a bricklayer, B works as the welder can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14787, "premise": "Journalist: A free marketplace of ideas ensures that all ideas get a fair hearing. Even ideas tainted with prejudice and malice can prompt beneficial outcomes. In most countries, however, the government is responsible for over half the information released to the public through all media. For this reason, the power of governments over information needs to be curtailed. Everyone grants that governments should not suppress free expression, yet governments continue to construct near monopolies on the publication and dissemination of enormous amounts of information.", "hypothesis": "The freedom of the marketplace of ideas is in jeopardy is the most accurate expression of the journalist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2970, "premise": "A recent study found that the color of the water can change the direction of hurricanes, that is, if the water changes color, the moving path of hurricanes will also change direction. This means that scientists can judge which areas will be hit by hurricanes and which areas will survive according to the face of the sea water. It is noteworthy that global warming may have discolored the sea water.", "hypothesis": "A relatively definite relationship between the color of the sea water and the moving path of the hurricane is most likely to be a prerequisite for scientists to make judgments.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8460, "premise": "Quoting an article in New Scientist magazine, Cleary said that the role of memory is not necessarily to remember the past, but to help us move into the future. Memory sometimes uses imagination and creation to let us know what to do next, or how to react in certain situations. Some people think that they have the ability to foresee the future, but they may be fragmented memories of the past. If the feeling of deja vu comes from an unremembered memory, it is easy to create the illusion that what happens next also comes from this memory and that you have psychic abilities.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"People's memories are not necessarily memories of the past\" is inconsistent with the above point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14295, "premise": "Scientists typically do their most creative work before the age of forty. It is commonly thought that this happens because <b> aging by itself brings about a loss of creative capacity </b>. However, studies show that <b> a disproportionately large number of the scientists who produce highly creative work beyond the age of forty entered their field at an older age than is usual </b>. Since by the age of forty the large majority of scientists have been working in their field for at least fifteen years, the studies' finding strongly suggests that the real reason why scientists over forty rarely produce highly creative work is not that they have simply aged but rather that they generally have spent too long in a given field.", "hypothesis": "The first portion in boldface is an explanation that the argument challenges, and the second portion is a finding on which that challenge is based.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3928, "premise": "This summer, Lao Li's three children took part in three sports competitions held in Hangzhou, Kunming and Harbin. Men's gymnastics, pole vault and marathon. What is known is that the eldest did not go to Harbin to participate in the marathon; the third did not participate in the events held in Hangzhou; and the child who won the national championship in gymnastics did not go to Kunming, the winner of the marathon was not his third.", "hypothesis": "It is not possible to judge who the national champion of men's gymnastics is based on the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2430, "premise": "The newspaper published a list of 20 major hospitals in China, ranking them according to the mortality rate of their patients in the past three years. Experts pointed out that the order of the list should not be used as a criterion to evaluate the medical level of these hospitals.", "hypothesis": "Among the 20 hospitals, 5 have imported a number of advanced, large-scale and supporting medical equipment from abroad and the rest have none cannot be used as an argument to support the expert's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10591, "premise": "About 3 billion years ago, the Sun was only 80 percent as luminous as it is currently. Such conditions today would result in the freezing of Earth' s oceans, but geological evidence shows that water rather than ice filled the oceans at that time. Heat is trapped within Earth' s atmosphere through the presence of carbon dioxide, which, like methane, is a greenhouse gas.  Only if the level of greenhouse gases were higher 3 billion years ago than it is today would Earth have retained enough heat to keep the oceans from freezing. It is likely, ttherefore, that the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was significantly higher then than it is today.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Geological studies indicate that there is much less methane in Earth's atmosphere today than there was 3 billion years ago' weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9128, "premise": "The students in a certain class are all football fans. During the 2014 World Cup, all the students who supported the Argentine team did not support the German team, and all the students who supported the Argentine team did not support the Brazilian team. Some students who support the American team support the German team, and some students who support the American team support the Brazilian team.", "hypothesis": "Some students who support the Brazilian team support the German team must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9491, "premise": "The psychologists examined 450 middle-aged men and women, ranging from white-collar and blue-collar workers to skill-judgment and decision-makers. It turns out that executives in key positions are generally fatter than the average employee. The researchers believe that the stress of making many decisions is relieved by diet, which ultimately changes the eating habits of executives to a certain extent. If you are lucky enough to get promoted, you will find that it is not only salary changes. more, and his waistline is also getting thicker, along with the weight gain.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Decision-making people increase their waist circumference by an average of 0.28 cm for each job level promoted\" most casts doubt on the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 439, "premise": "The communication media have irresistible power. The information they convey is like a bullet hitting the body and the medicine is injected into the skin. The audience is completely in a passive position, passively waiting for and accepting all kinds of ideas, feelings and knowledge instilled by the media. The response of the audience's personality differences to the information provided by the mass media can be ignored.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The cancellation of the film classification system did not affect the number and composition of its audience' would weaken the above view most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8515, "premise": "As far as calligraphy is concerned, there is a difference between Han stele and Han bamboo slips. Han stele is later carved by Shudan and then extended into Motuo, while Han bamboo slips are written directly on bamboo slips with a brush. This leads to differences in writing attitude: the writing of the stele is formal, and its words, contents, fonts and even the process of writing and engraving are very rigorous, while the writing of Han bamboo slips is the embodiment of real writing, and the writer is often in a relaxed state. There is no pressure and burden that must be written well. Calligraphy has no intention to be good. The rectification of Han steles and the frankness of Han bamboo slips have different aesthetic interests. The inspiration of Han bamboo slips calligraphy to today is more of a frank and natural attitude. In the study of ancient calligraphy works, it is necessary to understand this difference, so as to better grasp their respective characteristics.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that calligraphy works are a combination of writing tools and writing behavior.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2570, "premise": "In international competitions, even excellent athletes, there are not necessarily not to make mistakes, of course, not all excellent athletes are likely to make mistakes.", "hypothesis": "Some excellent athletes may make mistakes, while some excellent athletes can't make mistakes is closest to the above meaning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1486, "premise": "Scientists have found that the immune regulation of mesenchymal stem cells has such a plasticity, that is, it is like a moderator of the inflammatory environment: when the inflammatory response increases, mesenchymal stem cells inhibit the immune response; when the inflammatory response weakens, mesenchymal stem cells may promote the immune response. This characteristic needs to be paid great attention in the process of treating diseases. For example, scientists have found that mesenchymal stem cells entering the human body can significantly alleviate the condition of patients with liver cirrhosis, reduce the inflammatory reaction in the liver, and improve liver function indexes such as bilirubin and albumin. However, dexamethasone can counteract the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells on liver cirrhosis to a considerable extent. The reason is that when patients receive the combined treatment of dexamethasone and mesenchymal stem cells, the inflammation in the focus of patients with liver cirrhosis will be reduced, resulting in the weakening of the immunosuppressive effect of mesenchymal stem cells and the complete disappearance of the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells. it may even aggravate the disease.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, scientists can shape the immunomodulatory function of mesenchymal stem cells according to the characteristics of inflammatory environment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2382, "premise": "The world is in a period of great development, change and adjustment, and peace and development are still the themes of the times. With the in-depth development of world multipolarization, economic globalization, social informatization and cultural diversity, the reform of the global governance system and international order has been accelerated, the interconnection and dependence of all countries have deepened day by day, and the balance of international power has become more balanced. the general trend of peaceful development is irreversible. At the same time, the instability and uncertainty facing the world is prominent, the momentum of world economic growth is insufficient, the gap between the rich and the poor is becoming increasingly serious, and regional hot issues are emerging one after another. non-traditional security threats such as terrorism, cyber security, major infectious diseases and climate change continue to spread, and mankind faces many common challenges.", "hypothesis": "People of all countries should work together to deal with the risks and challenges we face is most likely to be described next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9188, "premise": "Every evil has a reason, but all evil has no excuse. I can't be obliged to be evil just because evil comes from above; I can't be worthy to be evil just because everyone else is so evil: I can't even have the right to be evil to others just because someone is evil to me. Therefore, every specific evil must be condemned. If respect for life must be in the single digits, so must the condemnation of sin.", "hypothesis": "During the Cultural Revolution, Huang Xiaomeng, a university student, criticized their university professors, beating one of them and maiming them. At that time, the whole of China was crazy, he was just wrapped into this crazy, and he was too young at the time conflicts with the ideas expressed above, except.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9042, "premise": "Because the photo is light, the object is imprinted on the film. So, in a sense, every picture is real. However, the use of photos to show things is always different from things themselves, photos can not show complete authenticity, in this sense, it is false. So, just one photo can't finally prove anything", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis that leads to the above conclusion is that anything that does not show complete authenticity cannot constitute the final evidence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12492, "premise": "Professor: Politicians should only be required to abide by the strict letter of the law -- not the spirit of the law -- since they need flexibility to govern. Trading political favors for a politician' s personal financial gain is illegal under an anti-corruption statute. A state governor awarded a contract to a local construction company outside of the usual bidding process. Only the local construction company made any personal financial gain, so. . .", "hypothesis": "The most logical completion of the professor's argument is that the state governor is not guilty of violating the anti-corruption statute.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9882, "premise": "Climate insurance is a kind of for the assets, livelihood of the climate risk and loss of life support guarantee mechanism, it through in a larger space and time within the scope of insurance payments on a regular basis to determine the small premium to deal with uncertain climate risk loss, to ensure that losses during direct climate risk insurance is to obtain effectively and quickly.", "hypothesis": "Flood discharge upstream caused dikes to burst in downstream areas, resulting in extensive damage to local crops is covered by climate insurance according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13274, "premise": "The distance that animals travel each day and the size of the groups in which they live are highly correlated with their diets. And diet itself depends in large part on the sizes and shapes of animals' teeth and faces.", "hypothesis": "The statements above provide the most support for the idea that animals that have varied diets can be expected to be larger and more robust than animals that eat only one or two kinds of food.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5832, "premise": "In 1992, the average population density of the Three Gorges Reservoir area was 282 persons/square kilometers, which was higher than that of the whole country (122 persons/square kilometers) and Sichuan (192 persons/square kilometers) . The mountainous area of the reservoir area accounts for more than 90% of the total area. The population density of the area below 400 meters above sea level is 500 fo 600 people/km2. In addition, most of the cultivated land in the reservoir area is dry land. 46.5% of the dry land is cultivated land with slope of 15 to 25 degrees, and 25% is cultivated land with slope of more than 25 degrees.", "hypothesis": "The average population density of Sichuan is also higher than the national average can be inferred from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12674, "premise": "Statistician: A financial magazine claimed that its survey of its subscribers showed that North Americans are more concerned about their personal finances than about politics. One question was: Which do you think about more: politics or the joy of earning money?  This question is clearly biased. Also, the readers of the magazine are a self-selecting sample. Thus, there is reason to be skeptical about the conclusion drawn in the magazine' s survey.", "hypothesis": "The credibility of the magazine has been called into question on a number of occasions would not strengthen the statistician's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6859, "premise": "I remember that he once expressed his dissatisfaction to me because some writers were too rigid in grammar, thinking that it was too trivial, too rigid, and too pedantic.", "hypothesis": "He adheres to grammatical norms most supports this view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4680, "premise": "After China's accession to the world trade organization, the income of high-quality talents will increase rapidly with the competition for talents between foreign capital, foreign enterprises and domestic enterprises; A large number of rural labor force leave the land and flow into cities and towns, and the rise of urban unemployment rate makes it difficult for ordinary workers to improve their income level.", "hypothesis": "That China has entered into WTO is not equal to China's rapid economic growth can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11268, "premise": "Energy analyst: During this record-breaking heat wave, air conditioner use has overloaded the region' s electrical power grid, resulting in frequent power blackouts throughout the region. For this reason, residents have been asked to cut back voluntarily on air conditioner use in their homes. But even if this request is heeded, blackouts will probably occur unless the heat wave abates.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most air-conditioning in the region is used to cool businesses and factories' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2781, "premise": "Ms. Jia: in Britain, according to the law on the right of eldest son inheritance, the first son born to a man's first wife has the right to inherit family property first. Mr. Chen: you're wrong. The Duchess of brown legally inherited all her father's property.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Mr. Chen's conclusion cannot constitute a rebuttal to Ms. Jia, because no law can be fully implemented' is the most appropriate evaluation of Mr. Chen's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10311, "premise": "Zhu Hong: red squirrels make holes in the bark of sugar pines to absorb sap. Since the sap of sugar pine is mainly composed of water and a small amount of sugar, it is roughly certain that red squirrels are looking for water or sugar. Water is easily available in other ways where pine trees grow. Therefore, red pine trees are not trying to dig holes because they are looking for water, they may be looking for sugar. Lina: it must not be looking for sugar but something else, because the concentration of sugar in sugar pine sap is so low that red squirrels have to drink a lot of sap to get a little sugar.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the season when sap can be obtained from sugar pines, the weather is cold enough to stop the sap from seeping out of the tree' is the most serious one that shakes Lin Na's rebuttal to Zhu Hong.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3929, "premise": "There are seven brothers and sisters in the family, but only one of them is known as A, B, C, D, E, F,G:A has three sisters. B has a brother. C is a woman and she has two sisters. D has two younger brothers. E has two older sisters. F is also a woman, but she and G have no younger sisters.", "hypothesis": "A, B, E, C are male, and D, E, F are female is the correct answer about gender.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2957, "premise": "A company has implemented a office supplies thrift plan since the beginning of last year. Each employee can only receive a limited amount of paper and pens and other office supplies for free every month. At the end of the year, it was found that the company's expenditure on various office supplies decreased by 30% compared with the previous year. In the past five years when the plan was not implemented, the company consumed 100000 yuan of office supplies per year. The general manager of the company concluded that the plan had saved a lot of money for the company last year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Office supplies thrift plan is an important means to control expenditure, but it is said that the plan saves a lot of money for the company within one year without rigorous data analysis' is the best way to question the reasoning of the general manager, if correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13473, "premise": "The desire for praise is the desire to obtain, as a sign that one is good, the favorable opinions of others. But because people merit praise only for those actions motivated by a desire to help others, it follows that one who aids others primarily out of a desire for praise does not deserve praise for that aid.", "hypothesis": "If it is assumed that no action is worthy of praise if it is motivated solely by a desire for praise, then the conclusion of the argument can be properly drawn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15122, "premise": "Most people who ride bicycles for pleasure do not ride until the warm weather of spring and summery arrives. Yet it is probably more effective to advertise bicycles earlier in the year. Most bicycles are purchased in the spring, but once shoppers are ready to shop for a bicycle, they usually have already decided which brand and model of bicycle they will purchase. By then it is generally too late to induce them to change their minds.", "hypothesis": "The main point of the argument is that bicycle advertisements are probably more effective if they appear before the arrival of warm spring weather.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13946, "premise": "Consumer advocate: Tropical oils are high in saturated fats, which increase the risk of heart disease. Fortunately, in most prepared food tropical oils can be replaced by healthier alternatives without noticeably affecting taste. Ttherefore, intensive publicity about the disadvantage of tropical oils will be likely to result in dietary changes that will diminish many people' s risk of developing heart disease. Nutritionist: The major sources of saturated fat in the average North American diet are meat, poultry, and dairy products, not tropical oils. Thus, focusing attention on the health hazards of tropical oils would be counterproductive, because it would encourage people to believe that more substantial dietary changes are unnecessary.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'whether more people in North America would benefit from reducing the amount of meat they consume than would benefit from eliminating tropical oils from their diets' is a point at issue between the nutritionist and the consumer advocate.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2369, "premise": "How are odor molecules converted into olfactory signals transmitted to the brain? American scientists Richard Axel and Linda Barker found that when the odor molecule binds to the olfactory receptor, the odor molecule, as a chemical signal, belongs to CTP, the binding protein (commonly known as C. The complex role of the olfactory receptor, which is converted into an electrical signal, begins a relay run along the olfactory nerve. These signals first enter the skull from the nasal cavity, and then are transmitted to some fine areas of the olfactory cortex, where they are translated into specific olfactory information, that is, perceived by people. This is the complete olfactory signal pathway theory that Axel and Barker described for us.", "hypothesis": "The wrong understanding of Axel and Buck's olfactory signaling pathway theory is that odor molecules as chemical signals arrive at some fine areas of the olfactory cortex and are translated into olfactory information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6342, "premise": "In adolescence, we express our happiness, anger, sorrow, and happiness through our interactions with our peers, and promote emotional communication, so that we can be accepted, understood, cared, and loved by others, especially in intimate communication, and make people feel ourselves. There are friends and people who can be attached to.", "hypothesis": "Interpersonal communication can promote the emotional exchange of young people is mainly described.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5258, "premise": "In a coordinated society, the society imposes restrictions on individual tendencies, so that everyone can vaguely feel the great restrictions on achieving personal aspirations. In this way, all members of society have a common goal, and the society can be stable and orderly. Disrupt the social order, the society's control of the individual's wishes will become invalid, and the society will let individuals do their own things. Durkheim calls this anomie.", "hypothesis": "Anomie behaviors include women encountering domestic violence.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4236, "premise": "The students in our class have achieved excellent results in the past year. Some won awards in the Mathematical Olympiad, some won awards in the English oral competition, and some won awards in dancing. Many girls in our class... The head teacher said at the final summary meeting.", "hypothesis": "It can be inferred from the above that more girls than boys achieved excellent results.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9201, "premise": "The concepts of physics are usually very standardized and rigorous, and the physical quantities represented by the terms of physics have a clear definition, the method of measurement and the relationship of conversion. Physicists and cosmologists still know nothing about dark energy. Dark energy refers to only one of the most profound problems in current cosmology.", "hypothesis": "Dark energy is obviously not a clear physical concept is the most suitable option to follow the above as its conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6487, "premise": "Should our intellectuals, like Jacobs, come forward to teach the truth to power and bravely shoulder the social responsibility of intellectuals?", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Our intellectuals cannot bear social responsibility' cannot be inferred from this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4462, "premise": "There are two kinds of agricultural products A and B. A cannot grow in dry climate and B cannot grow in cold climate. In most parts of a country, either agricultural product Aor agricultural product B can be planted.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, then half of the country having a dry and cold climate must be false.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12361, "premise": "Criticism that the press panders to public sentiment neglects to consider that the press is a profit-making institution. Like other private enterprises, it has to make money to survive. If the press were not profit-making, who would support it? The only alternative is subsidy and, with it, outside control. It is easy to get subsidies for propaganda, but no one will subsidize honest journalism.", "hypothesis": "It can be properly inferred from the passage that if the press is to make a profit, it must produce honest journalism.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6324, "premise": "The accumulation standard refers to the actual allowable concentration of a specific chemical substance in the sediment that does not cause harm to the benthic organisms or the quality of the overlying water body.It is not only the improvement of water quality benchmarks, but also the basis for evaluating sediment pollution and ecological risks, and a basic element of lake ecological environmental quality evaluation. Foreign research on sediment benchmarks began in the 1980s, but has not yet formed a complete and comprehensive a unified sediment benchmark system. Due to the complexity of the migration, transformation, bioaccumulation and interface processes of pollutants in sediments, there is still a lack of key research methods. Many domestic scientists have done a lot of useful exploration, but research is still relatively fragmented, and no national authorities have issued benchmark standards for lake sediments.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"There is an urgent need to make up for the lack of the existing sediment benchmark system\" is meant to illustrate something.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5765, "premise": "Buzz marketing is a sales method that directly provides enterprise products or services to potential consumers so that they can obtain product or service experience.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, allowing marketers to frequently appear in streets, cafes, bars, supermarkets and other places, and ask passersby to taste different flavors of drinks to promote their brand is not buzzer marketing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2851, "premise": "Children's Day is coming, the kindergarten teacher for the class Xiao Ming, Xiao Lei, Xiao Gang, Xiao Fang, florets and other 5 children prepared red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple and other 7 gifts. It is known that all gifts are given, and each gift can only be received by one person, with a maximum of two gifts per person. In addition, the gift delivery also needs to meet the following requirements :(1) if Xiao Ming receives an orange gift, Xiao  Fang will receive a blue gift; (2) If Xiao Lei does not receive a red gift, Xiao Fang will not receive a blue gift; (3) If Xiao Gang does not receive a yellow gift, then Xiao Gang will not receive a purple gift; (4) No one can receive both yellow and green gifts. Xiao Ming only got orange presents, and Xiao Hua only got purple presents.", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, if Xiao Gang received two gifts, Xiao Fang received green and blue presents can be concluded.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13981, "premise": "P: Because an elected official needs the support of a political party to be effective, the independent candidate for the legislature cannot possibly be an effective legislator is she wins. Q: I disagree. By your reasoning, our current legislator, who has the support of a political party, ought to have been effective, but he has not been.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It fails to prove a precise definition for a key term -- the word effective' is the best criticism of Q's statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11063, "premise": "Reducing stress lessens a person' s sensitivity to pain. This is the conclusion reached by researchers who played extended audiotapes to patients before they underwent surgery and afterward while they were recovering. One tape consisted of conversation; the other consisted of music. Those who listened only to the latter tape required less anesthesia during surgery and fewer painkillers afterward than those who listened only to the former tape.", "hypothesis": "Listening to music reduces stress is an assumption on which the researchers' reasoning depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2712, "premise": "Linguists want to construct legal sentences based on non-meaningful words and meaningful words. It is known that: (1) non-meaningful words have a,b,c,d,e,f.There are meaningful words W,Z, X. (2) if two non-meaningful words are connected by a meaningful word, then they form a meaningful word: (3) if two meaningful words are directly connected, then they form a meaningful word: (4) if two meaningful words are connected by a non-meaningful word, then they form a legal sentence. (2) if two meaningful words are connected by a meaningful word, then they form a meaningful word; (3) if two meaningful words are directly connected, then they form a meaningful word: (4) if two meaningful words are connected by a non-meaningful word, then they form a legal sentence.", "hypothesis": "aZdacdfX is not a legal statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 429, "premise": "Imprint learning refers to the learning behavior formed by direct impression in the early stage of animal life. Although imprint learning behavior occurs in the early stage, it also has a certain impact on the later stage.", "hypothesis": "A newly born mallard following a moving object does not belong to imprint learning behavior according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3838, "premise": "The basic attribution error is that people often attribute other people's behavior to personality or attitude, but ignore the importance of their situation.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang attributing Xiao Li losing his wallet to environmental factors rather than to Xiao Li's carelessness is an example of basic attribution error.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4996, "premise": "Vitamins are very important for the maintenance of human body function. As a selling point, a health care company to promote its production of nutrients. The company says its products contain 1.5 times more vitamins per serving than the body needs on a daily basis, enough to satisfy the body's needs for a variety of vitamins. However,________. Accordingly, this company undertook false propaganda.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Some vitamins can only be synthesized in contact with the sun and can not be taken directly from the outside' is the best option to be underlined above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12195, "premise": "The more television children watch, the less competent they are in mathematical knowledge. More than a third of children in the United States watch television for more than five hours a day; in South Korea the figure is only 7 percent. But whereas less than 15 percent of children in the United States understand advanced measurement and geometric concepts, 40 percent of South Korean children are competent in these areas. Ttherefore, if United States children are to do well in mathematics, they must watch less television.", "hypothesis": "The instruction in advanced measurement and geometric concepts available to children in the United States is not substantially worse than that available to South Korean children is an assumption upon which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6991, "premise": "In the 21st century, China's media events occur frequently. the degree and way of media attention to the events determine the public attitude and the development of the events. What people see is not the event itself, but the media event after being guarded by the media. With the rise of the network, media events are more concentrated in the form of network events. In network events, netizens are the main body of network public opinion and network supervision. Their tentacles can be found in every corner of society, monitoring the every move of the government and officials at all times.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The media event may not be the event itself' is inconsistent with this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2485, "premise": "All those who came into contact with SARS patients were isolated. All the quarantined people have come into contact with Xiao Li.", "hypothesis": "If the above proposition is true, then it is true that all SARS patients have been in contact with Xiao Li.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11868, "premise": "Science columnist: It is clear why humans have so many diseases in common with cats. Many human diseases are genetically based, and cats are genetically closer to humans than are any other mammals except nonhuman primates. Each of the genes identified so far in cats has an exact counterpart in humans.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most diseases that humans have in common with cats have no genetic basis' most weakens the science columnist's explanation for the claim that humans have so many diseases in common with cats.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14402, "premise": "The media now devote more coverage to crime than they did ten years ago. Yet this is not because the crime rate has increased, but rather because the public is now more interested in reading and hearing about crime. After all, a crucial factor in the media' s decisions about what issues to cover and to what extent to cover them is the interests of their audiences.", "hypothesis": "The proposition that the public is now more interested in reading and hearing about crime supports the conclusion that the media now devote more coverage to crime than the crime rate alone justifies.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4185, "premise": "Administrative mediation refers to the activities under the auspices of the state administrative organs, based on the voluntary basis of the parties, on the basis of the laws and regulations and policies of the state, and on the principle of voluntary, through the persuasion and persuasion of the parties to the dispute, to urge the parties to forgive each other, negotiate on an equal footing, and reach an agreement, which is used to resolve the dispute and reach a settlement agreement.", "hypothesis": "A municipal economic arbitration committee mediating disputes over economic contracts between enterprises is an administrative conciliation act.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7447, "premise": "Dolphins are relatively small cetaceans, with a total of 62 species. Dolphins are generally 1.2 to 10 meters long and weigh 45 to 9,000 kilograms in the major oceans of the world. They mainly feed on small fish, squid, shrimp and crabs.They like to live as a group, as few as a few or hundreds. The dolphin is an excellent and clever marine mammal.", "hypothesis": "Dolphins are considerate and can imitate human actions is true according to the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4715, "premise": "The government should perform the functions of economic regulation and market supervision, strive to separate government from enterprises, government from capital, government from affairs, and government from market intermediary organizations, and mainly use economic and legal means to manage economic activities. The main responsibilities of government departments are to provide basic public services, maintain social equity, create and maintain a good market environment and promote the stable operation of market economy.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"To carry out the reform of the administrative system is to accelerate the formation of an administrative system with standardized behavior, coordinated operation, fairness, transparency, integrity and efficiency\" best supports the above statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10336, "premise": "Some people think that only by establishing a good institutional mechanism can corruption be fundamentally put an end to. However, in Chinese society, once an atmosphere is formed, even a powerful system will be torn apart by it. righting the hearts of the people and then the world. If we want to solve the problem fundamentally, we must take rectifying the hearts of the people as the foundation. Only when the hearts of the people are upright can the wind of corruption and utilitarianism be eliminated, and can the anti-corruption system be truly established and effectively implemented.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The system is the foundation of straightening the hearts of the people. With the anti-corruption system and strict implementation, the atmosphere will change' is the hypothesis on which the above argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10004, "premise": "Clinical trials have shown that for people who occasionally eat a certain amount of beef jerky, the additives of most brands of beef jerky do not cause arteriosclerosis, so people can safely eat beef jerky without worrying about the health effects.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Arterial health does not mean physical health\" will most weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12355, "premise": "Geologists recently discovered marks that closely resemble worm tracks in a piece of sandstone. These marks were made more than half a billion years earlier than the earliest known traces of multicellular animal life. Ttherefore, the marks are probably the traces of geological processes rather than of worms.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It is sometimes difficult to estimate the precise age of a piece of sandstone' most weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13926, "premise": "A new device uses the global positioning system to determine a cow' s location and, when a cow strays outside of its pasture, makes noises in the cow' s ears to steer it back to its home range. Outfitting all of the cattle in a herd with this device is far more expensive than other means of keeping cattle in their pastures, such as fences. The device' s maker nevertheless predicts that ranchers will purchase the device at its current price.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'As they graze, cattle in a herd follow the lead of the same few members of the herd' does the most to support the prediction made by the device's maker.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13427, "premise": "The government' s proposed 8 percent cut in all subsidies to arts groups will be difficult for those groups to absorb. As can be seen, however, from their response to last year' s cut, it will not put them out of existence. Last year there was also an 8 percent cut, and though private fund-raising was very difficult for the arts groups in the current recessionary economy, they did survive.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument does not take into account that the dollar amount of the proposed cut is lower than the dollar amount of last year's cut.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3004, "premise": "An aircraft engine manufacturer has developed a new engine with safety features that early models lack, while early models are still in production. In the first year when both models were sold at the same time, sales of the early models exceeded those of the new models, and the manufacturer concluded that safety was not the customer's top priority.", "hypothesis": "Many customers believe that the early models are less risky in terms of safety than the new models will most seriously weaken the manufacturer's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14506, "premise": "Drivers in the country of Holston want highway tolls eliminated. The cost of maintaining the highways is paid entirely out of revenue from the highway tolls. Holston must maintain its highways. Thus, it follows that if the tolls are eliminated, then the entire cost of maintaining the highways will have to be paid for by an increase in general taxes.", "hypothesis": "If the highway tolls are eliminated and the general taxes are increased to pay for maintaining the highways, there will be less emphasis on preventive maintenance is an assumption made by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15106, "premise": "A recently completed study of several hundred subjects, all of approximately the same age, showed that those who exercised regularly during the study were much less likely to die during the study. This indicates that exercise can actually increase one' s life span. .", "hypothesis": "A large number of the deaths recorded were attributable to preexisting conditions or illnesses strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2888, "premise": "A certain city music festival set up seven categories of awards: pop, folk, rock, ethnic, electronic music, rap, and jazz. In the nomination of shortlisted names, it is known that: (1) At least 6 categories are shortlisted: (2) At least 2 categories are shortlisted among pop, folk and rock: (3) If both rock and ethnic categories are shortlisted, then electronic music and rap At least one category is not shortlisted.", "hypothesis": "The Jazz category was not shortlisted can be derived based on the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10975, "premise": "Between 1971 and 1975, the government office that monitors drug companies issued an average of 60 citations a year for serious violations of drug-promotion laws. Between 1976 and 1980, the annual average for issuance of suchs citations was only 5. This decrease indicates that the government office was, on average, considerably more lax in enforcing drug-promotion laws between 1976 and 1980 than it was between 1971 and 1975.", "hypothesis": "The argument assumes that the decrease in the number of citations was not caused by a decrease in drug companies' violations of drug-promotion laws.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3065, "premise": "Xiao Ming goes to an English cram school outside school every weekend. Xiao Qiang has never attended an English cram school. As a result, Xiao Ming and Xiao Qiang scored 95 and 55 respectively in the final exam. Therefore, the reason why Xiaoming's English is better than Xiaoqiang is that he went to an out-of-school cram school.", "hypothesis": "Gang has never been to an English cram school, and he got 80 points in the English exam this time is the most difficult to weaken the above assertion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8556, "premise": "Huishan fine clay figurines, mainly refers to the the hand-pinched drama, more away from the appearance of playing tricks, and become a pure decoration. The fine clay are heavy by hand, and there are about 15 processes, such as mud beating, mud kneading, foot kneading, body kneading, head loading, phase opening, luan loading and so on. Shaping very fine fingers without cracking and breaking depends on the excellent strength and hardness of the black clay in Huishan area. The hand-pinched drama mainly shows the drama scenes of Beijing and Kunming and some images of Buddhism and Taoism, mostly in groups of two or three people. The works offered by Wang Chunlin and Zhou Asheng mentioned above should fall into this category. Due to the accurate proportion of the characters, the typical movements of the characters are grasped when the most wonderful part of the play is grasped, and the painting is vivid and looks forward to life, just like the theatre.", "hypothesis": "The content of the Huishan fine clay figurines mentioned above is the technological process.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13121, "premise": "Reformer: A survey of police departments keeps track of the national crime rate, which is the annual number of crimes per 100, 000 people. The survey shows no significant reduction in the crime rate in the past 20 years, but the percentage of the population in prison has increased substantially, and public expenditure on prisons has grown at an alarming rate. This demonstrates that putting more people in prison cannot help to reduce crime.", "hypothesis": "A flaw in the reformer's argument is that it presumes, without providing warrant, that alternative measures for reducing crime would be more effective than imprisonment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12640, "premise": "Although the earliest surviving Greek inscriptions written in an alphabet date from the eighth century B. C. , <b> the fact that the text of these Greek inscriptions sometimes runs from right to left and sometimes from left to right </b> indicates that the Greeks adopted alphabetic writing at least two centuries before these inscriptions were produced. After all, the Greeks learned alphabetic writing from the Phoenicians, and presumably, along with the alphabet, they also adopted the then-current Phoenician practice with respect to the direction of text. <b> And although Phoenician writing was originally inconsistent in direction, by the eighth century B. C. Phoenician was consistently written from right to left and had been for about two centuries </b>.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The first and the second each provide evidence in support of the position that the argument seeks to establish' describes the role of the two portions in boldface in the argument given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15070, "premise": "Editorialist: Some people argue that ramps and other accommodations for people using wheelchairs are unnecessary in certain business areas because those areas are not frequented by wheelchair users. What happens, however, is that once ramps and other accommodations are installed in these business areas, people who use wheelchairs come there to shop and work.", "hypothesis": "Owners of business areas not frequented by wheelchair users generally are reluctant to make modifications is most strongly supported by the editorialist's statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1803, "premise": "Opportunity distribution can not only have an important impact on the results of income distribution, but also directly affect the efficiency of social economic development. Under the unfair distribution of opportunities, some people will get development opportunities for some special reasons, but those who get the opportunities are likely to lack the ability to take advantage of development opportunities to engage in social labor and creativity. This will inevitably lead to a decline in the production efficiency of the labor or business projects they are engaged in, and then affect the economic development efficiency of the whole society. Giving opportunities to truly talented people and putting the right people in the right positions is the basis for the healthy operation of the economic system. Only by achieving equality of opportunity can we maximize social vitality and people's enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, and improve social labor productivity and the development level of productive forces.", "hypothesis": "The distribution of opportunities is an indispensable part of maintaining social fairness and justice is intended to be explained in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1734, "premise": "Chinese word measure has the function of representation and rhetoric. For example, a shoe and a pair of shoes, a sheep and a flock of sheep. Here, only and two, the head and the flock serve to define and distinguish the number of sheep. Rhetorical functions such as an elephant and an elephant, a Buddha statue and a Buddha Statue, a picture and a picture. Here, there is no difference between head and only in quantity, but only in image. In the same way, there is no difference in quantity but only in feeling and style.", "hypothesis": "Quantifying function and rhetorical function are the basic characteristics of quantifiers is accurate in understanding this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4527, "premise": "One scientist criticized the fear of chemical additives. Food labels can be scary if they have too many additives. But additives and preservatives are strictly controlled and measured. The real concern is the sugar and fat content of the food. Preservatives are beneficial. Obviously, we'd all rather eat a well-preserved can than die from botulism.", "hypothesis": "Many drugs are also chemical agents. As long as it's a drug, it's three parts poison, so be careful when you use it does not support the scientist's view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10039, "premise": "People who take part in taekwondo are healthier than those who don't usually take part in taekwondo, so taekwondo helps to improve their health.", "hypothesis": "Only healthy people take part in Taekwondo is the most likely to challenge the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4374, "premise": "Unfair competition refers to an enterprise that uses improper or unfair methods to increase the market share of its products, creating an unfair market environment for competitors that produce similar products, and seriously harming the interests of its competitors.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, In the 1980s, IBM investing a lot of money in the development of key technologies for supercomputers, applying for patents after success, and then being completely overwhelmed in the field of supercomputers is not considered unfair competition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8945, "premise": "Due to the rise in oil prices, the state has raised the sales prices of gasoline and other oil products, which has led to an increase in taxi operating costs and a reduction in drivers' income. According to the survey, more than 95% of taxi drivers in Beijing oppose a taxi fare increase because it will lead to fewer passengers, but opposing a fare increase does not mean they are willing to reduce their income.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that taxi drivers hope to reduce the monthly rent paid to taxi companies can explain the seemingly contradictory attitude of taxi drivers in Beijing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10676, "premise": "Food company engineer: I stand by my decision to order the dumping of small amounts of chemicals into the local river even though there is some evidence that this material may pose health problems. 1 fish in the river myself and will continue to do so. Furthermore, I will have no problem if other food manufacturers do what our company does.", "hypothesis": "The engineer's reasoning most closely conforms to the principle that one should never perform an act until one has fully analyzed all the ways in which that act could impact others.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4068, "premise": "The subject matter of the lawsuit refers to a civil legal relationship or right that the people's court is required to grant to settle through trial if the parties have a dispute.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant in which the prosecution took place is the subject matter of the lawsuit.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5827, "premise": "Synaesthesia is the wonderful mixing of organs and communication between often disparate sensory areas of the brain.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Wang Li turning on the FM radio, but feeling uncomfortable in his left thigh, shoulder, and ear when he hears the host speak, so he has to turn off the radio is synesthesia.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3478, "premise": "Nutrition bowl is generally used to grow cotton seedlings in southern China. However, the use of nutrient bowl to raise cotton seedlings often encounters the problem of grass damage, which seriously inhibits the growth and development of cotton seedlings. Grass damage is only caused by one of the following two reasons: first, the newly selected seedling bed is too late to plough, leaving the residual weeds to reproduce; Second, the fertilizer that is not completely decomposed is applied, and the weed seeds are brought into the seedbed to make them reproduce rapidly. Therefore, to apply herbicides after cotton sowing and before emergence, you can choose lasso emulsion or dur emulsion, which can effectively prevent the harm of weeds.", "hypothesis": "The growth and development of cotton seedlings raised in cotton nutrition bowl is not good, indicating that the problem of grass damage has been encountered can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6199, "premise": "In ground equipment, lithium-ion batteries are mainly used in military unmanned ground vehicles, robots, hybrid electric combat vehicles, etc. For ground combat vehicles driven by oil and electricity, using lithium-ion batteries as power source can not only reduce fuel consumption and logistics burden, but also improve the mobility and survivability of tactical vehicles. At present, multinational armies have increased hybrid electric driven combat vehicles. The research and development of lithium-ion battery modules for unmanned ground vehicles and ground robots. However, for large ground equipment, the weak power of lithium-ion battery is the main factor restricting its further application. Therefore, it is necessary to continue to develop lithium-ion batteries with high specific power and low cost in the future to meet the mission requirements of ground equipment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above words, it has been vigorously developed as a new battery by various countries is a correct statement about lithium-ion batteries.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12545, "premise": "Despite a steady decrease in the average number of hours worked per person per week, the share of the population that reads a daily newspaper has declined greatly in the past 20 years. But the percentage of the population that watches television daily has shown a similarly dramatic increase over the same period. Clearly, increased television viewing has caused a simultaneous decline in newspaper reading.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that a typical television set is on 6 hours a day, down from an average of 6 1/2 hours a day 5 years ago would be most damaging to the explanation given above for the decline in newspaper reading.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3248, "premise": "The trolley management method refers to an innovative management model that integrates service objects into the service system and taps the potential resources of the service objects to jointly improve the management service level with service providers. This mode is for service providers and service recipients. It is a win-win strategy.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A bookstore encourages customers who come to buy and read books to bring their own folding stools. Customers feel very caring, and the sales performance of the bookstore has greatly improved' belongs to the trolley management method according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2145, "premise": "Stimulus generalization means that the conditioned organism learns the behavior of making a specific response to a certain stimulus, so it can make the same behavioral response to similar stimuli. Stimulus differentiation is to enable the organism to learn to make different behavioral responses to conditioned stimuli and similar stimuli through selective reinforcement and regression.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, looking at Mount Lushan from the front and side, the mountains are undulating and the peaks are towering. When you look at Mount Lushan from a distance, near, high and low, Lushan shows a variety of different looks. It belongs to stimulus differentiation is not true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10941, "premise": "In the Centerville Botanical Gardens, all tulip trees are older than any maples. A majority, but not all, of the garden' s sycamores are older than any of its maples. All the garden' s maples are older than any of its dogwoods.", "hypothesis": "Some sycamores are not as old as the youngest tulip trees must also be true of trees in the Centerville Botanical Gardens if the statements above are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1985, "premise": "With the improvement of the information degree of equipment, different from the original blind technology stacking, it seems that the installation of phased array radar for aircraft carriers has become a necessary retro wind. But unlike Britain and Russia, which deployed phased array radar on the bridge, whether it was the original US Enterprise or the latest Ford-class aircraft carrier. They all arranged the phased array radar under the bridge to ensure that the bridge was high enough. Although this configuration of the US aircraft carrier bridge will limit the detection range of the phased array radar, the United States, as the largest aircraft carrier in the world, knows which is more important, the phased array radar or the bridge.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Phased array radar is more reasonable under the bridge than above' is incorrect according to the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8386, "premise": "In the development of society and daily life, the decisions of enterprises and families are not only affected by visible costs, but also restricted by a variety of accounting books, but actually occupy the hidden costs of relevant manpower and material resources. Invisible cost, like dark matter, is difficult to observe, but its size and trend can be inferred from its impact on related economic activities. From the perspective of social development, if policy makers want to comprehensively reduce the cost of economic activities and reduce the burden on enterprises and families, in addition to giving concessions in visible costs such as taxes and fees, reducing hidden costs is also a very important part.", "hypothesis": "The hidden cost that can not be ignored is the most suitable for the title of this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4574, "premise": "It is generally accepted that symphony is elegant music. Understanding Symphony writers helps to understand symphony. But if you can't really resonate with it, you will feel boring. If you go on like this, of course, you won't know a writer deeply.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The more you like symphony, the more you like that writer' can be inferred from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1773, "premise": "The latest figures show there are now around 13,000 new cases of malignant melanoma a year in the UK, up from 1,800 in 1975. In terms of prevalence, it affects 17 in every 10,000 Britons today, up from three in every 10,000 40 years ago. Malignant melanoma, which causes more than 2,000 deaths in the UK each year, is the fifth leading cancer killer. Cancer Research UK has linked the rise to lifestyle habits such as poor sun protection, the rise in sunbathing and the rise of 'artificial tanning'. Sunburn is itself a sign of damage to DNA in skin cells, which can build up over time and increase the risk of skin cancer.", "hypothesis": "The text says that long-term sunburn increases the risk of skin cancer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10936, "premise": "In response to high mortality in area hospitals, surgery was restricted to emergency procedures during a five-week period. Mortality in these hospitals was found to have fallen by nearly one-third during the period. The number of deaths rose again when elective surgery (surgery that can be postponed) was resumed. It can be concluded that, before the five-week period, the risks of elective surgery had been incurred unnecessarily often in the area.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The conditions for which elective surgery was performed would in the long run have been life-threatening, and surgery for them would have become riskier with time' most seriously undermines the conclusion above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13340, "premise": "Television commercial: Compared to other television cable services, Acme is clearly superior. Around the nation, thousands of satisfied Acme customers have testified on Acme' s website that they have had uninterrupted cable service for two or more years. Some of these Acme customers even testify that they have had uninterrupted cable service for five years! Obviously, if you sign up for Acme television cable service, you can be assured that you will have uninterrupted cable service for years at a time.", "hypothesis": "The television commercial's reasoning is most susceptible to criticism on the grounds that the commercial bases its argument on premises that are inherently self-contradictory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9327, "premise": "In the past 20 years, one of the important advances in the study of life in the deep earth has been the discovery of the oceanic crust biosphere. The volume of the oceanic crust is huge, which is about five times the total volume of the global marine sediments. The scale of microorganisms inhabiting here is huge and cannot be ignored. They have important potential impacts on the global cycle of biogeochemical elements and the weathering of seabed landforms. However, limited by sampling techniques and conditions, the current research and understanding of the oceanic crust lithosphere is still very limited. Previously, limited research has focused almost exclusively on the shoaloids on the surface of the oceanic crust, while the lower oceanic crust, which accounts for nearly two-thirds of the volume of the oceanic crust, is considered to be one of the habitats for deep microbes, but there is still no direct However, there is still a lack of research on the microorganisms that inhabit here and their coping strategies for extreme environments.", "hypothesis": "The topic of the article is most likely to be the deep microbes in the lower oceanic crust and their survival strategies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 562, "premise": "Involuntary behavior refers to behavior that occurs due to force majeure or contrary to the subjective will of the actor.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"In the storm, in order to ensure the safety of the people on board, the captain ordered the commercial cargo to be pushed into the sea\" is most consistent with involuntary behavior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15078, "premise": "When demand for a factory's products is high, more money is spent at the factory for safety precautions and machinery maintenance than when demand is low. Thus the average number of on-the-job accidents per employee each month should be lower during periods when demand is high than when demand is low and less money is available for safety precautions and machinery maintenance.", "hypothesis": "If the factory's management hires new workers but lacks the time to train them properly, it casts serious doubt on the conclusion drawn above when demand for its products is high.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9531, "premise": "Function is the inherent efficiency of things, it is determined by the structure of internal elements of things, and it is a kind of internal mechanism which is relatively stable and independent from the interior of things. Function is the external effect produced by the relationship between things and the external environment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'Law has the function of promoting the progress of scientific, technological and cultural undertakings' is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2694, "premise": "Nowadays, children's homework is not only their own business, the parents of most primary and middle school students are faced with the task of doing homework with their children, including dictation, checking homework, signing and so on. According to a survey of more than 3000 parents, 84 percent of parents accompany their children to do their homework every day, while 67 percent of the parents surveyed worry about doing homework with their children. Some experts pointed out that parents accompany their children to do their homework, which is equivalent to acting as an assistant to school teachers, allowing the family to become an extension of the classroom, which will adversely affect the growth of children.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Parents are the best teachers, parents help their children to acquire all kinds of knowledge, which is the proper meaning of family education, for middle and lower grade children, the companionship of parents in the learning process is particularly important\" can best support the above expert's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11959, "premise": "Organization president: The stationery and envelopes used in all of the mailings from our national headquarters are made from recycled paper, and we never put anything but letters in the envelopes. When the envelopes have windows, these windows are also made from recycled material. Ttherefore the envelopes, and thus these mailings, are completely recyclable.", "hypothesis": "The organization president's argument depends on the assumption that the organization sends mailings only from its national headquarters.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14637, "premise": "Space programs have recently suffered several setbacks with respect to their large projects, and much money has been lost. Consequently, these grand projects should be abandoned in favor of several small ones.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The cost of starting a space project increases every year' provides the most support for the reasoning above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7464, "premise": "If the public policy of a certain place is formulated correctly and implemented effectively, there will be no large-scale petitions. Only when the relevant decision-makers do not care about the masses will large-scale petitions occur. The public policy formulation of a certain place is correct, and the relevant decision-makers are also concerned. Relying on the masses and conducting in-depth actual investigations and studies, the local masses are satisfied with this.", "hypothesis": "If there is no large-scale petition in a certain place, then the public policy implementation of that place is strong cannot be obtained based on the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10981, "premise": "Citizen: Our government has a large budget surplus, which our leaders wish to use to pay down the national debt. This makes no sense. Because of underfunding, our military is inadequate, the infrastructures of our cities are decaying, and our highways are in disrepair. If homeowners used all their money to pay off their mortgages early, while refusing to pay for upkeep of their homes, this would not make them better off financially. The same goes for the country as a whole.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn in the citizen's argument is that homeowners should not pay off their mortgages early if they must neglect upkeep of their homes in order to do so.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14210, "premise": "In the United States, of the people who moved from one state to another when they retired, the percentage who retired to Florida has decreased by three percentage points over the past ten years. Since many local businesses in Florida cater to retirees, this decline is likely to have a noticeably negative economic effect on these businesses.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Florida attracts more people who move from one state to another when they retire than does any other state' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10851, "premise": "In an experiment, volunteers witnessed a simulated crime. After they witnessed the simulation the volunteers were first questioned by a lawyer whose goal was to get them to testify inaccurately about the event. They were then cross-examined by another lawyer whose goal was to cause them to correct the inaccuracies in their testimony. The witnesses who gave testimony containing fewer inaccurate details than most of the other witnesses during the first lawyer' s questioning also gave testimony containing a greater number of inaccurate details than most of the other witnesses during cross-examination.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'These witnesses were less inclined than most of the other witnesses to be influenced in their testimony by the nature of the questioning' most helps to resolve the apparent conflict in the results concerning the witnesses who gave testimony containing fewer inaccurate details during the first lawyer's questioning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10668, "premise": "Since anyone who supports the new tax plan has no chance of being elected, and anyone who truly understands economics would not support the tax plan, only someone who truly understands economics would have any chance of being elected.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'some people who do not support the tax plan have no chance of being elected' is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7447, "premise": "Dolphins are relatively small cetaceans, with a total of 62 species. Dolphins are generally 1.2 to 10 meters long and weigh 45 to 9,000 kilograms in the major oceans of the world. They mainly feed on small fish, squid, shrimp and crabs.They like to live as a group, as few as a few or hundreds. The dolphin is an excellent and clever marine mammal.", "hypothesis": "According to the statement, some intelligent mammals live in the sea.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 431, "premise": "Reverse service is the service that enterprises provide to customers to realize the use value of products (services) after products (services) are sold.", "hypothesis": "A telecom operator launched a preferential activity of topping up the telephone bill and you may get mobile phones is not a reverse service according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6387, "premise": "There are some extreme examples, in any era, in any system, but in terms of People's Daily lives, how they treat life, other people, pain, fear, dignity, or the achievements of others, is the most revealing of the universal values that govern the daily behavior of people in a country. Turn a blind eye to car killed people, not to hand down the old man, there are all sorts of multifarious fraud and cheating, everything, displayed on the values of the abuses than battlefield deserters, protest marches in conflict and more gruesome death, just because it's so homely, really has been used by us.", "hypothesis": "The lack of values is an important problem faced by some social groups is the most appropriate topic sentence for the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8943, "premise": "A Beijing newspaper, entitled 15% of fathers raise children for others, released statistics from a judicial material evidence appraisal center in Beijing: of the nearly 600 people who conducted paternity tests in Beijing within a year, 15% of the test results excluded paternity.", "hypothesis": "Can modern science and technology really accurately identify paternity does not question the reliability of statistical inference.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14321, "premise": "Art historian: Successful forgeries tend to be those most recently painted. While such a phenomenon may sound counterintuitive, a forger is able to exploit current modes of aesthetics to create paintings that appeal to the eye of his or her contemporaries. This very quality, however, is what makes those paintings seem amateurish to subsequent generations. As a result, a majority of forgeries are identified as such roughly twenty-five years after their creation.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Those who expose the majority of paintings as forgeries are guided by aesthetic considerations' is an assumption upon which the argument rests.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10741, "premise": "Poor nutrition is at the root of the violent behavior of many young offenders. Researchers observed that in a certain institution for young offenders, the violent inmates among them consistently chose, from the food available, those items that were low in nutrients. In a subsequent experiment, some of the violent inmates were placed on a diet high in nutrients. There was a steady improvement in their behavior over the four months of the experiment. These results confirm the link between poor nutrition and violent behavior.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Dietary changes are easier and cheaper to implement than any other type of reform program in institutions for young offenders' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11949, "premise": "Bacteria that benefit human beings when they are present in the body are called commensals. The bacterium Helicobacter pylori plays a primary role in the development of stomach ulcers. But since stomach ulcers occur in less than 10 percent of those harboring H. pylori, and since it allegedly strengthens immune response, many scientists now consider it a commensal. But this is surely misguided. Only about 10 percent of the people who harbor Mycobacter tuberculosis -- a bacterium that can cause tuberculosis -- get sick from it, yet no one would call M. tuberculosis a commensal.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Cases of tuberculosis usually last longer than ulcers caused by H. pylori' most seriously undermines the argument's reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8874, "premise": "The virtuous circle of economy means that it does not rely too much on government investment, but relies on its own strength to achieve the basic balance between total social supply and total social demand, and to achieve economic growth. In recent years, the reason why there has been a trend of stable economic growth in China is due to the increase of government investment.", "hypothesis": "The steady economic growth of a certain period does not mean that the economy of this period has turned into a virtuous circle can be best supported if the above statement is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5338, "premise": "Social insurance means that the state passes legislation and raises funds through multiple channels. When workers temporarily or permanently lose their labor force and interrupt their work for other reasons, there is no economic income or their labor income is reduced, the social security system provides an economic subsidy given to enable them to enjoy basic living conditions.", "hypothesis": "Minimum living allowance, five guarantees in rural areas, assistance for extremely poor households, and assistance for disaster victims is social insurance according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8170, "premise": "In the face of the chronic social and psychological illness of teenagers' Internet addiction, people from all walks of life have been trying to find countermeasures. Relevant scientific research has explained the mechanism of game addiction from different angles such as biomedicine, psychology and sociology, and sought the corresponding mechanism of intervention and governance. From the point of view of biomedicine, biochemical scientists have found that game addiction should be treated as a disease of the cerebral neurodopamine system; psychologists have revealed from a large number of case studies that game addiction mostly comes from defective personality, cognitive deviation, and specific defense mechanisms that balance the inner world with the impact of external reality. Sociological research focuses on the environmental factors of life events such as national policy, social environment, family education, parent-child relationship, school teaching, social communication style and so on.", "hypothesis": "The author is most likely to describe next how sociologists analyze the causes of teenagers' Internet addiction.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4681, "premise": "Recent surveys show that many people who seek medical help are under great pressure. Medical research also shows that stress can adversely affect a person's immune system against infection. Therefore, when a person is under pressure, he is more likely to get sick.", "hypothesis": "Many companies that provide health insurance for employees also offer stress management workshops support the above conclusion best.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6150, "premise": "Since the first permanent pacemaker was implanted in the human body in 1958, manufacturers of implantable medical devices have been continuously researching various methods to provide electrical energy to their products. Non-rechargeable lithium batteries are currently more common. In transplantation equipment for heart disease and neurogenic diseases, non-rechargeable lithium batteries can generally be used for 7 to 10 years, and they are already relatively longevity. Researchers believe that unless breakthroughs are made in the field of bio-batteries, implantable devices will never work permanently and reliably.", "hypothesis": "This text is meant to explain that power supply capacity is currently the bottleneck of implantable devices.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8122, "premise": "As temperatures rise, so does the chance that tropical rainforests will be struck by lightning and start fires. However, current monitoring shows that although the American rainforest is hit by lightning more frequently, it does not cause more forest fires. The researchers believe that this may have something to do with the large increase in the number of vines in the rainforest in recent years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Lightning strikes such a large-scale and extremely fast discharge, first destroying the external vines, and the trees in the middle are protected' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13904, "premise": "Mario: The field of cognitive science is not a genuinely autonomous discipline since it addresses issues also addressed by the disciplines of computer science, linguistics, and psychology. A genuinely autonomous discipline has a domain of inquiry all its own. Lucy: Nonsense. You' ve always acknowledged that philosophy is a genuinely autonomous discipline and that, like most people, you think of philosophy as addressing issues also addressed by the disciplines of linguistics, mathematics, and psychology. A field of study is a genuinely autonomous discipline by virtue of its having a unique methodology rather than by virtue of its addressing issues that no other field of study addresses.", "hypothesis": "Lucy demonstrates that Mario confuses the notion of a field of study with that of a genuinely autonomous discipline in her response to him.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2380, "premise": "The western Pacific Ocean is the area with the most concentrated seamount system in the world, but the understanding of seamounts here is very limited. The Mariana trench in the western Pacific Ocean is a plate subduction zone, and the seafloor geological movement is very active. The material composition and genesis of seamount volcanic rocks are of interest to marine geologists. The warm pool and the northern equatorial current in the western Pacific Ocean have an important impact on China's climate and are the focus of physical marine scientists. There is also the coral reef triangle with the highest marine biodiversity in the world, which is a hot area for the study of the origin and evolution of marine life. Therefore, marine scientists can carry out multi-disciplinary cooperative exploration and research of seamounts, such as hydrophysics, chemistry and biogenic elements, topography and geomorphology, geological environment and biological ecology.", "hypothesis": "Marine resources in the western Pacific region are mainly introduced in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3431, "premise": "Competitive decision - making refers to decisions made not according to objective natural state, but based on the strategy of competitors, where there is competition for the existence of competitors.", "hypothesis": "The Board of directors of Company A unanimously agreed to hire the deputy general manager of Company B, who has every relationship with Company A, as the general manager of the company is a competitive decision-making based on the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4056, "premise": "A major breakthrough is brewing in biotechnology. In the field of agricultural genetically modified biotechnology, we have made continuous success in the use of transgenic technology, genetically modified grains, soybeans, hybrid rice and other stress-resistant, disease-resistant and high-yielding crops, and genetically modified animals. This is a major technological revolution for traditional agriculture. In the field of medical biotechnology, asexual reproduction techniques such as gene cloning, cell cloning and individual level cloning are developing rapidly. The research on stem cell cloning based on organ repair and transplantation has made positive progress, which has laid a solid foundation for the historic transformation of human beings from disease treatment to disease prevention. In the aspect of biochip, DNA chip becomes the product of the combination of biotechnology and microelectronic technology. Its application will greatly improve the accuracy and efficiency of disease detection and bring hope for the faster detection of some difficult diseases.", "hypothesis": "After the doubts in life science are deciphered and answered by human beings one by one, a huge and dynamic biological industry will be formed, which will have a great impact on the development of environment, agriculture and other industries, based on the above conclusions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8004, "premise": "British scientists point out that over Antarctica, the top of the escape layer in the atmosphere has fallen by about 8 kilometers in the past 40 years. Over Europe, similar observations have been made. Scientists believe that the atmosphere may continue to contract because of Greenhouse Effect. In the 21 st century. The concentration of carbon dioxide is expected to increase several times, which will reduce the space boundary by 20 kilometers, so that the density of the thermo-ionosphere above the escape layer will continue to decrease, and the shrinking atmosphere will at least have an unpredictable effect on the satellite.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that the impact of the shrinking atmosphere on the satellite is unpredictable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7568, "premise": "Different from the traditional sweat-based economy, innovation is a kind of creative work that mainly relies on human wisdom. Due to the large investment, high risk, long cycle, and slow results, innovation is not everyone's conscious action, it needs strong motivation support If someone can use resources to speculate to get rich, or can borrow money to trade corruption to make a fortune, then people will not have a real incentive to innovate.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above overview, it can be derived that if people have real motivation to innovate, then no one can make a fortune by trading power and money with corruption.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 994, "premise": "At present, some heart patients are still unable to get rid of the pain, even if the heart transplant, the body may reject. New research has found heart cells can be made from human skin cells. So the researchers say the study could be a good news for heart patients.", "hypothesis": "Animal studies have shown that skin cells implanted in the heart muscle do not reject them compared to other cells, and causing fewer arrhythmias does not undermine the conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10684, "premise": "Economic considerations color every aspect of international dealings, and nations are just like individuals in that the lender sets the terms of its dealings with the borrower. That is why a nation that owes money to another nation cannot be a world leader.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the passage assumes that a nation that has the terms of its dealings with another nation set by that nation cannot be a world leader.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10828, "premise": "Physician: In itself, exercise does not cause heart attacks; rather, a sudden increase in an exercise regimen can be a cause. When people of any physical condition suddenly increase their amount of exercise, they also increase their risk of heart attack. As a result, there will be an increased risk of heart attack among employees of this company due to the new health program.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn by the physician follows logically if the assumption that employees will abruptly increase their amount of exercise as a result of the new health program is made.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7681, "premise": "Organizational commitment refers to the employee's identification with the organization and its goals, including trust and acceptance of the organization's goals and values, willingness to contribute to the organization and desire to maintain the organization's membership.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Li, a shop assistant, believes that what is good for work is also good for oneself; not valuing one's work is not respecting oneself and it is impossible to do a good job is not an organizational commitment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6611, "premise": "Cultural and creative industry is a kind of new business type that integrates culture, creativity, science and technology, capital, manufacturing and other elements. Americans have made big creative industries with a glass of water (Coca-Cola), a bread (McDonald's), a chip (Intel) and a mouse (Disney), which generate far more profits and impact than their cars, steel and other industries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The automobile and steel industry in the United States are in decline' conforms to the original meaning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 177, "premise": "With the popularity of mobile devices, mobile phones and tablets (PAD) have gradually penetrated into people's lives. Many people have also changed from cannot do without TV to cannot do without mobile phones and PAD. Some people think that more use of computers will reduce the time people spend on TV. After all, time is limited, but surveys have shown that people who spend more time on computer do not reduce their time watching TV.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Among the participants in the survey, whether the types of TV programs they watched will change with the increase in computer time' should be considered most in order to verify the accuracy of the above survey results.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11051, "premise": "Historian: The revolutionary party has been accused of having many overambitious goals and of having caused great suffering. However, most of the party' s goals were quickly achieved and the party did not have enough power to cause the suffering the critics claim it caused. So it is clear that the party was not overambitious and caused no suffering.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the historian's argument is flawed because the argument gives mutually inconsistent responses to the two criticisms.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14373, "premise": "Legislator: My staff conducted a poll in which my constituents were asked whether they favor high taxes. More than 97 percent answered no.  Clearly, then, my constituents would support the bill I recently introduced, which reduces the corporate income tax.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the legislator's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to consider whether the legislator's constituents consider the current corporate income tax a high tax.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12469, "premise": "If the forest continues to disappear at its present pace, the koala will approach extinction,  said the biologist. So all that is needed to save the koala is to stop deforestation,  said the politician.", "hypothesis": "Deforestation continues and the koala becomes extinct is consistent with the biologist's claim but not with the politician's claim.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6031, "premise": "The cut-off method is popular in Japan, Taiwan and other parts of Asia, and is a three-meal-a-day approach that replaces solid foods with low-calorie diets such as fruit juice, vegetable soup and water. with a duration of 3 to 10 days, in order to achieve detox, fat burning and weight loss and other effects.", "hypothesis": "The option \"Obese people consume too few calories, which accelerates fat burning and positive changes in kidney function\" is the least likely to undercut the above view, if correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13106, "premise": "Environmentalist: Snowmobiles in the park north of Milville create unacceptable levels of air pollution and should be banned. Milville Business Spokesperson: Snowmobiling brings many out-of-towners to Milville in the winter months, to the great direct financial benefit of many local residents. In addition, the money the town collects in fees for the recreational use of the park indirectly benefits all Milville residents. So, it is basic economics for us to put up with the pollution.", "hypothesis": "Snowmobiles, because they run on two-cycle engines, emit greater amounts of hydrocarbons and particulate matter than cars do could best be used by the environmentalist to counter the business spokesperson's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2311, "premise": "The latest report by an international paleontology research team stated that the southern tortoises that lived in South Africa 280 million years ago are the ancestors of modern tortoises, and they survived large-scale species extinction events from the Permian to Triassic. At that time, In order to avoid the harsh natural environment, they work hard to digging holes. At the same time, to ensure that the forelimb digging action is strong enough, the body needs a stable support, which leads to the continuous widening of the ribs. It can be seen that the tortoise has a shell to adapt to the environment, not for protection, but to digging holes in the ground.", "hypothesis": "The premise of the above argument is that the forelimbs of the southern tortoise are strong enough that they do not need tortoise shell protection.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5669, "premise": "There are two motivations for help seeking: executive help seeking and instrumental help seeking. The former is that they don't make any attempt or effort, just want to know the answer or let others complete the task on their behalf; The latter is to use the power of others to solve problems or achieve goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, formulating a study abroad plan based on the opinions provided by a number of consulting institutions that meets one's own conditions belongs to instrumental help seeking.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13941, "premise": "Some people see no harm in promoting a folk remedy that in fact has no effect. But there is indeed harm: many people who are convinced to use an ineffective remedy continue with it for years rather than pursuing conventional treatments that would almost certainly help them.", "hypothesis": "One should not promote a remedy if one believes that using that remedy will cause harm is a principle that, if valid, most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 777, "premise": "Radiation adaptation refers to the phenomenon of biologically related organisms that have completely different adaptations in form and living habits due to living in different environments.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Thunderbirds living in the frigid zone and having a pure white body color in winter and tan feathers similar to the mottled color of the summer tundra in summer belong to radiation adaptation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4175, "premise": "Insomnia or poor sleep quality can seriously affect people's physical and mental health. The survey found that many people with poor sleep have a habit of drinking coffee before going to bed. Therefore, drinking coffee helps to improve the quality of sleep. Is the auxiliary means that treats insomnia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is evidence that coffee has a refreshing effect, which may be the cause of their poor sleep' is the strongest rebuttal to the conclusion of the question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11953, "premise": "Principle: If an insurance policy is written in such a way that a reasonable person seeking insurance would not read it thoroughly before signing it, then the reasonable expectations of the policyholder concerning the policy' s coverage should take legal precedence over specific language in the written policy itself. Application: The insurance company should be required to cover the hail damage to Celia' s car, even though specific language in the written policy Celia signed excluded coverage for hail damage.", "hypothesis": "The insurance policy that Celia signed was written in such a way that a reasonable person would not read it thoroughly before signing it, but Celia did read the policy thoroughly before signing it most justifies the above application of the principle.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10861, "premise": "Twenty years ago, Balzania put in place regulations requiring operators of surface mines to pay for the reclamation of mined-out land. Since then, reclamation technology has not improved. Yet, the average reclamation cost for a surface coal mine being reclaimed today is only four dollars per ton of coal that the mine produced, less than half what it cost to reclaim surface mines in the years immediately after the regulations took effect.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Even after Balzania began requiring surface mine operators to pay reclamation costs, surface mines continued to produce coal at a lower total cost than underground mines\" most helps to account for the drop in reclamation costs described.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6105, "premise": "Thousands of years ago, in the humid and hot virgin forests of Africa, indigenous people danced and sang freely and enthusiastically with fire piles and following various complex rhythms. This kind of song may not be music in the eyes of some civilized people. However, this kind of sound is the most primitive. It is the sound of life issued by tenacious instinct in a bad environment. If blues music is the root of many music, then, The above is the root of this root.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between natural environment and music style should be told next in the article after the introduction paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4175, "premise": "Insomnia or poor sleep quality can seriously affect people's physical and mental health. The survey found that many people with poor sleep have a habit of drinking coffee before going to bed. Therefore, drinking coffee helps to improve the quality of sleep. Is the auxiliary means that treats insomnia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is evidence that coffee has a refreshing effect, which may be the cause of their poor sleep' is the strongest rebuttal to the conclusion of the question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8488, "premise": "A poverty alleviation industrial base plans to grow four kinds of crops: purple potato, sweet potato, pumpkin and corn. The planting area of the four crops varies, and the following conditions need to be met: (1) either the planting area of purple potato is the largest, or the planting area of pumpkin is the largest; (2) if the planting area of purple potato is the largest, the planting area of sweet potato is the smallest.", "hypothesis": "The planting area of corn is larger than that of pumpkin can be inferred if the planting area of sweet potato is larger than that of corn.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1226, "premise": "Tao Xingzhi once told Cheng you have watt under your whip, Newton in your cold eyes, Edison in your ridicule. A cold look, a mean word, and an unfair treatment may affect a child's life. If there is no benevolence, tireless patience, and public interest in teaching. Then such education has no temperature. Just as some people in the educational circles cry out, many teachers do not lack knowledge, methods, love and sense of responsibility. Today's education needs to return to people themselves and concern people's growth more than ever before.", "hypothesis": "Lack of fairness is considered by the author to be the main problem in current education.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12138, "premise": "Safety consultant: Judged by the number of injuries per licensed vehicle, minivans are the safest vehicles on the road. However, in carefully designed crash tests, minivans show no greater ability to protect their occupants than other vehicles of similar size do. Thus, the reason minivans have such a good safety record is probably not that they are inherently safer than other vehicles, but rather that they are driven primarily by low-risk drivers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Minivans tend to carry more passengers at any given time than do most other vehicles' most strengthens the safety consultant's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5014, "premise": "Sixty percent of America's wind farms are located along a narrow corridor that stretches from Texas to the Great Lakes.Studies have shown that most of the areas where wind power has dropped the most in the past year coincide with this corridor.As a result, U.S. wind power output in the past year was significantly lower than the previous year.", "hypothesis": "The output power of a wind turbine varies significantly with the wind is required for the inference to be valid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1390, "premise": "There is a method that can be used to calculate the distance of the universe called parallax. The meaning of the word parallax is not difficult. If you put a finger about 8 centimeters in front of your eyes, first look with your left eye, and then look with your right eye, you will feel that your fingers have moved toward the distant scene, because when you look at it twice, the angle is different. Now you put your finger away, for example, straighten your arm, and if you look at it last time, you will feel that your finger is moving relative to the background, but not so much. Therefore, the distance of the finger moving relative to the background can be used to determine the distance from the finger to the eye.", "hypothesis": "The correct definition of parallax according to the article is the disparity caused by objects from different angles.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6087, "premise": "If there is no lightning, human beings will lose a hard-working cleaner. When lightning works, part of the oxygen in the atmosphere is excited into ozone. The thin ozone not only does not smell, but also absorbs most of the cosmic rays, so as to protect the organisms on the earth's surface from excessive ultraviolet radiation. The high temperature generated in the process of lightning can kill more than 90% of the bacteria and microorganisms in the atmosphere, This makes the air more pure, fresh and pleasant.", "hypothesis": "The protective effect of lightning on the earth is mainly introduced in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2185, "premise": "Every city has an optimal size, which depends on the contrast between the positive and negative effects of city size. In reality, the positive effects are mainly the agglomeration effects of urban economy, while the negative effects include traffic congestion, environmental pollution, high house prices, inadequate infrastructure and so on. Economic agglomeration will not only improve labor productivity, but also make urban land and housing prices rise. At this time, the production costs of enterprises and the living costs of residents will rise. Urban overcrowding, pollution and crime will also offset the benefits of urban expansion. Only when the positive effects of a city exceed its production or living costs will enterprises and residents stay in the city.", "hypothesis": "The negative effects of big cities are often greater than their positive effects is not matching the meaning of the text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4191, "premise": "Professor Zhang is a member of the Committee on Academic Ethics and Academic Integrity, so online criticism of his academic misconduct cannot be true.", "hypothesis": "Members of the committee have never been accused of academic misconduct is correct and the above conclusion is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14002, "premise": "More women than men suffer from Alzheimer' s disease -- a disease that is most commonly contracted by elderly persons. This discrepancy has often been attributed to women' s longer life span, but this theory may be wrong. A recent study has shown that prescribing estrogen to women after menopause, when estrogen production in the body decreases, may prevent them from developing the disease. Men' s supply of testosterone may help safeguard them against Alzheimer' s disease because much of it is converted by the body to estrogen, and testosterone levels stay relatively stable into old age.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of the argument is that testosterone is necessary for preventing Alzheimer's disease in older men.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5042, "premise": "Merger refers to the behavior of one enterprise acquiring another enterprise, usually in the form of one enterprise acquiring the shares of another enterprise. The main forms include: (1) vertical merger, which occurs when two enterprises are at different stages of the production process; (2) Horizontal merger. occurs when two enterprises are in the same market; (3) Mixed merger occurs when two enterprises operate separately in two unrelated markets", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, fruit juice company A acquiring Cola company B is a horizontal merger.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3681, "premise": "Premeditated intention refers to the psychological attitude that the actor commits the crime after a period of preparation.", "hypothesis": "A young man released from prison found a young woman on the road at night and raped her in a bad mood is not premeditated intention.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 484, "premise": "Non-loving behavior refers to the non-loving plundering of the people close to you in the name of love, that is, against the subjective will of others, forcibly control their spirits and behaviors, and force them to act and do things according to the will of the controller. This behavior often occurs between the closest people such as husband and wife, lovers, parents and children.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, non-loving behavior is when Li asked his son to go to the hospital to accompany his seriously ill mother according to the rotating escort agreement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14540, "premise": "Willett: Lopez and Simmons, a married couple, have both been offered jobs at Evritech Corporation. Because Evritech has a rule against hiring more than one member of the same family, Lopez and Simmons have decided to reveal their marriage to Evritech. Their decision is foolish, however, since it will mean that one of them will have a job offer withdrawn. After all, they could easily keep their marriage secret initially and, if they want, later claim to have married after they were hired: Evritech has no policy of terminating one of two employees who marry each other.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of Willett's argument is that Evritech Corporation is not likely to discover the marital status of Lopez and Simmons if they do not volunteer the information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8043, "premise": "Compared with the desolation of crosstalk in the media, the popularity of the weekend crosstalk club is quite intriguing. The art that was born and grew up among the people can gain new vitality only by returning to the masses and life. If there is no face-to-face communication and discussion with the audience, without the practice and training of the stage, without the audience's belly laughter and heart-to-heart understanding and communication, this kind of return will not be achieved.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is that returning to the audience is the reason for the popularity of crosstalk clubs.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9790, "premise": "The guarantee of joint and several liability is a kind of guarantee of debt, which refers to the agreement between the guarantor and the creditor that if the debtor fails to perform the debt at the expiration of the time limit for the performance of the debt, the creditor may not only require the debtor to perform the debt, but also require the guarantor to bear the debt within the scope of its guarantee.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, A owes B 1 million yuan, A calls C, and the three parties agree that if A fails to repay the payment within three months, B has the right to ask C to repay the full payment belongs to the guarantee of joint and several liability.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1226, "premise": "Tao Xingzhi once told Cheng you have watt under your whip, Newton in your cold eyes, Edison in your ridicule. A cold look, a mean word, and an unfair treatment may affect a child's life. If there is no benevolence, tireless patience, and public interest in teaching. Then such education has no temperature. Just as some people in the educational circles cry out, many teachers do not lack knowledge, methods, love and sense of responsibility. Today's education needs to return to people themselves and concern people's growth more than ever before.", "hypothesis": "The main problem in current education is considered by the author to be \"Not people-oriented\".", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10590, "premise": "Some biologists believe that the capacity for flight first developed in marine reptiles, claiming that feathers are clearly developed from scales. Other biologists rightly reject this suggestion, pointing out that bats have no scales and that nonmarine reptiles also have scales. Those who believe that flight first developed in tree-dwelling reptiles reject the claim that the limbs of land-dwelling reptiles might have developed into wings. They insist that it is more likely that tree-dwelling reptiles developed wings to assist their leaps from branch to branch.", "hypothesis": "The claim that nonmarine reptiles have scales is cited as evidence against the claim that the capacity for flight first developed in land-dwelling animals in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8749, "premise": "People generally think that left-handed people are more likely to have operational accidents than right-handed people, which is a misunderstanding.In fact, most household chores range from fire burns to cut fingers from right-handed people.", "hypothesis": "The proportion of left-handed people in all people is not considered best summarizes the loopholes in the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11445, "premise": "People who switch to a low-calorie diet generally do not lose any weight. This is surprising since it is understood that decreasing the calories in one' s diet, while maintaining the same level of activity, causes one to lose weight.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Foods that are low in calories generally taste worse than high-calorie foods' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2605, "premise": "Generally speaking, the large jadeite gravel produced in Myanmar that has been weathered or transported to river valleys and riverbeds is called Laokeng jade. Laokeng jade is characterized by good water head, strong quality and high transparency, and its top grade is as transparent as glass, so it is called glass or ice. The same old pit jade, its quality is also relatively high and low, some transparency is higher, some transparency is slightly worse, so the value is also different. Other things being equal, the value of Laokeng jade with high transparency is higher than that of its lower unit value, but the practice of mining tells people that there is no Laokeng jade with the highest unit value.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that the unit value of Laokeng jade also depends on the quality of its processing can be drawn if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4377, "premise": "If the weather is fine, Xiao Liu will go on an outing. If his wife does not go with him, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if there is an emergency in the unit, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if today is not Saturday, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing.", "hypothesis": "Assuming that the above statement is correct, then, if Xiao Liu goes on an outing, he cannot determine that sunny weather is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 393, "premise": "Accumulation fund refers to the part of national income used for additional production funds, mainly including: expanding reproduction fund, such as building factories, building railways, reclaiming land, building water conservancy, etc., non productive capital construction funds, such as the construction of schools, hospitals, stadiums and gymnasiums, as well as the capital construction of State Administration and national defense departments, social reserve funds, such as material reserves for dealing with emergencies like war and natural disasters.", "hypothesis": "Military exercise cost is not an accumulation fund according to the definition of the appeal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5145, "premise": "Artificial intelligence can imitate human intelligence and behavior, perceive the environment and make decisions in a complex and changeable unknown environment, so as to actively perform tasks or complete set goals.", "hypothesis": "The robot dog newly developed by Sony Corporation of Japan, which can identify men and women based on the characteristics of people's clothes and appearance and use \"Hello Mr.\" or \"Hello Miss\" to greet different people, belongs to artificial intelligence according to the definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1792, "premise": "Today, with multiple interests and highly developed information network, government administration is inseparable from public participation. Working behind closed doors and going one's own way, it is easy to disagree with the public and have to face pressure from public opinion, stability considerations and even higher authorities. The public often mistrust the government because of their lack of foresight and understanding of decision-making, which affects the credibility of the government. In this sense, the introduction of public participation is a necessary choice for the government in the process of administration.", "hypothesis": "The necessity of public participation in government administration is intended to be explained in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4152, "premise": "A survey of congenital heart defect patients in a northern county showed that most were born in winter. Experts say the likely cause is malnutrition among pregnant women in labor. It is difficult to buy fresh food in the coldest season of the year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The nutrients in fresh foods and pickled foods have the same effect on cardiovascular development' supports the expert's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13678, "premise": "Ethicist: Every moral action is the keeping of an agreement, and keeping an agreement is nothing more than an act of securing mutual benefit. Clearly, however, not all instances of agreement-keeping are moral actions. Ttherefore, some acts of securing mutual benefit are not moral actions.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument 'All books are texts, and all texts are documents. However, not all texts are books. Therefore, some documents are not books' is most similar to that in the ethicist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14438, "premise": "New types of washing machines designed to consume less energy also extract less water from laundry during their final spin cycles than do washing machines that consume somewhat more energy. The wetter the laundry, the more energy required to dry it in an automatic dryer. Thus using these new types of washing machines could result in an overall increase in the energy needed to wash and dry a load of laundry.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument is most parallel to the statement: \"The more people who work in the library's reading room, the noisier the room becomes; and the noisier the working environment, the less efficiently people work. Therefore, when many people are working in the reading room, those people are working less efficiently.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3895, "premise": "A and B debated based on the birth rate of boys. A: demography has found a pattern: among newborns, the male birth rate fluctuates around 22 out of 43, not 1 out of 2. B: no, most countries and regions, such as Japan, the United States, Germany and our Taiwan Province have more women than men. It can be seen that it is not true to think that the birth rate of male  fluctuates around 22 out of 43.", "hypothesis": "B confused the concept indicates a logic error.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10808, "premise": "Magazine article: Punishment for crimes is justified if it actually deters people from committing them. But a great deal of carefully assembled and analyzed empirical data show clearly that punishment is not a deterrent. So punishment is never justified.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the magazine article's argument is flawed because the argument mistakenly allows the key term punishment to shift in meaning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14772, "premise": "Naturalist: Different nonhuman primate species exhibit many contrasts in behavior. If a zookeeper leaves a screwdriver within reach of a chimpanzee, the animal is likely to examine and play with it for a time, and then move on to something else. In the same circumstances, an orangutan is likely to pretend to ignore the tool at first; later, in the zookeeper ' s absence, the orangutan may use the screwdriver to try to dismantle its cage.", "hypothesis": "Some nonhuman primates are capable of deception is most strongly supported by the naturalist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6124, "premise": "Micro-innovation, this concept is becoming a new direction for Chinese companies to try. Today's technological innovation is no longer a subversive update in many cases. Any small change to the user experience may detonate the entire market. Weibo can be regarded as a micro-innovation on the basis of blogs, lowering the user threshold with 140 characters, and quickly triggering a wave of microblogs for all people. For companies that are accustomed to imitation, how to prevent micro-innovation from becoming a synonym for cottage is the key to the problem.Especially in the Internet field, a lot of phenomenon such as group buying is not uncommon, but it is difficult to see micro-innovation playing a role in it.", "hypothesis": "The act of collective procurement can be described by group buying in this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9016, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "In the subcommittee where P serves, there is I may be true if there is an I in the subcommittee where M serves.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4200, "premise": "Harmonious economics refers to the structure and function of the social and economic system as the research object, in order to improve the productivity of this system, see the coordination between man and nature and sustainable development.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when a city reviewed foreign investment, a large chemical plant enterprise equipment is old, high consumption, wastewater treatment system is also very backward, so decided to stop the introduction of the enterprise is to develop a harmonious economy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3827, "premise": "The formation of technological innovation capability is a process and requires a certain environment. If people consciously and wisely shape an environment conducive to technological innovation, they can stimulate the social potential of technological innovation and reduce the time course from technological innovation to industrial application.", "hypothesis": "Technological innovation requires adequate financial support according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9016, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "F and M are members of the same subcommittee is a possibility if there is an I in the subcommittee where M serves.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12872, "premise": "Mary Ann: Our country should, above all, be strong. Strength gains the respect of other countries and makes a country admirable. Inez: There are many examples in history of countries that were strong but used their strength to commit atrocities. We should judge a country by the morality of its actions, not by its strength. If the actions are morally good, the country is admirable.", "hypothesis": "The presupposition that at least one country is admirable underlies Inez' argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2273, "premise": "Fan filter effect: Refers to the psychological phenomenon in which young people automatically filter out the shortcomings and over-magnify the advantages of the objects they admire.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A certain teacher has given many lectures in lecture Room, and his classes are always full of students from various colleges' is an example of the fan filter effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12440, "premise": "Scientists have modified feed corn genetically, increasing its resistance to insect pests. Farmers who tried out the genetically modified corn last season applied less insecticide to their corn fields and still got yields comparable to those they would have gotten with ordinary corn. Ordinary corn seed, however, costs less, and what these farmers saved on insecticide rarely exceeded their extra costs for seed. Ttherefore, for most feed-corn farmers, switching to genetically modified seed would be unlikely to increase profits.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to know whether the insecticides typically used on feed corn tend to be more expensive than insecticides typically used on other crops in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3210, "premise": "Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), Klebsiella and other bacteria can cause a variety of diseases and infections. At the same time, various antibiotics often have nothing to do with them, so these discolored bacteria are called superbacteria. In recent years, researchers can track not only the source of bacteria, but also the source of other drug-resistant bacteria through microbial whole genome sequencing technology. Therefore, Whole genome sequencing technology can solve the disease problems caused by superbacteria such as MRSA.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Whole genome sequencing technology cannot kill superbacteria' weakens the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2298, "premise": "Technical standards refer to the technical provisions on the quality, specifications and inspection methods of industrial and agricultural products and engineering construction, as well as the commonly used figures and symbols on technical documents. Is engaged in production, construction of a common basis.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Provisions of the State on the quality standard of infant milk powder is a technical standard.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2315, "premise": "Time perception distortion the incorrect perception of time. In life, affected by various factors, people's perception of time is often not in line with reality. Sometimes they feel that time is too long, sometimes that time is too short. Many reasons are It can cause distortion of time perception.A bad performance in reality will make people feel like the end is far away.On the contrary, people always think that the good and happy time is too short.", "hypothesis": "In the post house alone, one day will be as long as a year, and the autumn wind and dew will start to become cold does not meet the time perception distortion according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2872, "premise": "Studies have found that sprinkling salt to remove ice on roads in winter can turn frogs that are supposed to be female into males because the sodium in these road salts can affect frog receptor cells and change the sex of would-be female frogs. Some experts believe that this will lead to a decline in the number of frogs in the relevant areas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Raise frogs in multiple pools with different salt content. As the salt content in the pool increases, the number of female frogs continues to decrease' best supports the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7732, "premise": "The new type of rural sage refers to the rural people who take root in the countryside for a long time, make use of their knowledge, technology and wealth to serve the villagers enthusiastically and make outstanding contributions, and have high prestige and influence in the local social life and the minds of the people.", "hypothesis": "After retiring, Cheng, the headmaster of a rural primary school, took advantage of his large number of students and wide connections to actively plan to tap the historical and cultural resources of his hometown and develop rural cultural tourism belongs to the new type of rural sage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2444, "premise": "Li Qiang said: I know 100 people. None of the people I know are unemployed, so China's unemployment rate must be very low.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Due to the existence of floating population, it is difficult to calculate the unemployment rate' best refutes Li Qiang's reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2445, "premise": "n order to improve the quality of students, the school offers two kinds of elective courses: arts and science. Statistics show that some students have taken all liberal arts elective courses, while others have taken all science elective courses,", "hypothesis": "Every elective course has students must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3883, "premise": "Both globally and in China, human civilization has reached such a stage that protecting the ecological environment and ensuring the harmony between man and nature are necessary preconditions for sustainable economic development and guarantees the continuation of human civilization.", "hypothesis": "Only by doing well in environmental protection can we achieve sustainable economic development can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 315, "premise": "The realization of great dreams has never proceeded smoothly. It is bound to be difficult to forge ahead in coping with challenges and resolving risks. Only by enhancing the sense of anxiety and deeply understanding that the problems after development are not less than when there is no development, and the reform of entering the deep water area is no easier than the beginning of the initial reform, can we calmly deal with a series of complex contradictions and problems to ensure the smooth realization of great dreams.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, then if you can't increase your sense of anxiety, you can't calmly deal with a series of complex contradictions and problems must also be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3600, "premise": "Anti-political politics refers to a political attitude and a denial of totalitarian politics. The basic idea is not to regard politics as a technology of power and manipulation, nor to regard politics as a rule about controlling humans. Or useful art, but regard politics as a way to seek and realize a meaningful life.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the fundamental purpose of politics is to pursue human harmony and comprehensive development is most suitable for anti-political politics.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10107, "premise": "At the beginning of this century, Wigner put forward the theory of continental drift, which met with strong opposition because his theory was based on the assumption of unidentified forces sufficient to cause continental drift. We can now accept Wigner's theory. This is not because we have identified the power to cause the continent to drift, but because the new instruments eventually enable us to confirm the movement of the continent through observation.", "hypothesis": "With the help of probability theory and mathematical statistics, science has shifted from the description of a single phenomenon to the study of things as a whole is best illustrated by the above examples.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4260, "premise": "Here are the introduction of the wooden chair effect. Two groups of students with equal grades are arranged to sit on comfortable sofa chairs and very uncomfortable wooden chairs to study. After a while, the academic performance of the students sitting on the wooden chairs is much higher than that of the students sitting on the sofa chairs. The reason is that students sitting on wooden chairs constantly adjust their sitting posture because they are uncomfortable. On the face of it, they seem to be restless, but in fact, they supply more blood and nutrition to their brains; while students sitting on sofa chairs keep still because of comfort, resulting in a relatively slow down of blood circulation, and relatively less blood and nutrients to their brains, so their learning effect becomes worse.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the option 'A month after moving into the new study room, Xiao Ming's grades and ranking rose greatly' best reflects the wooden chair effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 477, "premise": "The theory believes that antimatter is the anti-state of normal matter. When positive and negative matter meet, the two sides will annihilate and offset each other, explode and produce huge energy. Some people believe that antimatter exists, because so far there is no evidence to prove that antimatter does not exist.", "hypothesis": "The argument method in the above question is the same as the statement 'Since it cannot be proved that the parallel world does not exist, the parallel world exists.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4126, "premise": "Invalid civil act: refers to a civil act that has no legal binding force from the beginning. The following civil acts are invalid: (1) performed by a person without civil capacity; (2) a person with limited civil capacity cannot be independent in accordance with the law Implemented; (3) One party uses fraud, coercion or taking advantage of the danger to make the other party act contrary to the true meaning; (4) Malicious collusion, harming the interests of the state, collective or third party; (5) Violation Laws or social public interest; (6) Cover up illegal purposes in a legal form.", "hypothesis": "After living with his wife for five years, a citizen found that they could no longer live any longer, so he filed for divorce in the court is an invalid civil act according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11881, "premise": "Goswami: I support the striking workers at Ergon Foods. They are underpaid. The majority of them make less that $20, 000 per year. Nordecki: If pay is the issue, I must disagree. The average annual salary of the striking workers at Ergon Foods is over $29, 000.", "hypothesis": "Goswmi and Nordecki disagree over the truth of the statement \"It is reasonable to support striking workers who are underpaid.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2082, "premise": "Because the Bird's Nest is different from other buildings, the rickety column structure, the intersection line is very complex, and the requirement and difficulty of welding technology are very high. The welders who have been trained to select the best not only completed the task on time and efficiently, but also engraved their names on the edge of each weld in the Bird's Nest. In the words of managers, let countless ordinary welders leave their own trace in this high-profile Olympic project-the public may not have a chance to see it, but it will never go away.", "hypothesis": "The builder's signature is not only responsible for history, but also responsible for his own life is the most appropriate understanding of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11865, "premise": "Theorist: To be capable of planned locomotion, an organism must be able both to form an internal representation of its environment and to send messages to its muscles to control movements. Such an organism must ttherefore have a central nervous system. Thus, an organism incapable of planned locomotion does not have a central nervous system.", "hypothesis": "The theorist's argument is flawed because it presumes, without providing justification, that planned locomotion is the only biologically useful purpose for an organism's forming an internal representation of its environment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6736, "premise": "Human beings have been proud of their evolution away from nature, and they are proud to conquer nature with rational iron hoofs. However, take a look at the historical books of mankind that are full of gold and iron horses, think about the nuclear arsenal that can destroy the earth dozens of times, and count the species that are dying out every day because of ecological deterioration. Our human existence as a species, as a link in the earth's biosphere, how much better than other creatures in nature?", "hypothesis": "The original intention of the author to write this passage is to point out that human beings should feel ashamed in front of nature.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6094, "premise": "In translation, literal translation focuses on the faithfulness to the original text, while free translation focuses on the smoothness of the tone of the translation. People hold their own opinions on which translation method is the most appropriate. In my opinion, the difference between literal translation and free translation should not exist at all. A faithful translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible. Thoughts, feelings and language are consistent and change with each other. There is only one accurate statement for a meaning, another statement, Therefore, if you want to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible, you must try to maintain the sentence organization of the original text. Therefore, literal translation cannot be free translation, and free translation cannot be literal translation.", "hypothesis": "In this passage, the author believes that faithfulness to the original idea is the highest art of translation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8354, "premise": "The main culprit for the serious impact of air pollutants on the brain is fine particles, that is, air pollutants less than 2.5 microns in diameter. Once inhaled, they can reach deep into the lungs, enter the bloodstream, and then enter the brain. The fine particles are small enough to cross the blood-brain barrier that blocks large toxic molecules. If fine particles are inhaled through the nose, they can also enter the brain through the olfactory nerves in the nasal cavity. These particles may trigger an inflammatory response, leading to severe brain disease and affecting cognitive ability.", "hypothesis": "Fine particles in air pollutants are harmful to human health is the main description of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 516, "premise": "The opposite theory of investment market means that the investment market itself does not create new value, does not increase in value, or even impairment. If an investor is the same as most investors in investment action, he must not be the one who makes the most profits, because it is impossible for most people to make profits. To get the best benefit, we must be inconsistent with the actions of the majority.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'The price has fallen so much that it's time to fall to the bottom' does not accord with the opposite theory of investment market.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12323, "premise": "One might expect that within a particular species, any individuals that managed to slow down the aging process would leave more offspring. Natural selection should ttherefore favor extreme longevity-but this does not seem to be the case. A possible explanation is that aging is a product of the inevitable wear and tear of living, similar to how household appliances generally accumulate faults that lead to their eventual demise. However, most researchers do not find this analogy satisfactory as an explanation.", "hypothesis": "Organisms are capable of maintenance and self-repair and can remedy much of the damage that they accumulate would, if true, provide the strongest explanation for the researchers' reaction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3080, "premise": "Today, we almost live in a highly formatted era. When traveling, we should pursue various strategies, and when shopping, we should refer to various lists. Originally, we have a very humanized life, and the way of reading is also influenced by various labels. Everyone is similar in personality and chicken soup at a glance. This is also a common disease of our era. Find yourself in repetition and forwarding, Instead of using their own feelings, senses, thoughts and actions to connect the world and intervene in real life. They lose their real proximity and unique feelings, simplicity and sincerity, and their hearts are thin like pieces of paper. Their thoughts are blank, so readers will not like them. Good prose is difficult to find, but it is still the problem of the writer after all", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The lack of good prose is because the writer's heart is not full enough' is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11969, "premise": "Some people believe that good health is due to luck. However, studies from many countries indicate a strong correlation between good health and high educational levels. Thus research supports the view that good health is largely the result of making informed lifestyle choices.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument does not acknowledge that some people who fail to make informed lifestyle choices are in good health.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14703, "premise": "Moore: Sunscreen lotions, which are designed to block skin-cancer-causing ultraviolet radiation, do not do so effectively. Many scientific studies have shown that people who have consistently used these lotions develop, on average, as many skin cancers as those who have rarely, if ever, used them.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Moore's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to distinguish between the relative number of cases of skin cancer and the severity of those cases in measuring effectiveness at skin cancer prevention.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8686, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "Hu Yao is on the easternmost side can be inferred if Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Hao Yun Station and is in the east of Hao Yun Station.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5057, "premise": "Ms. Zhang especially loves beauty. For many years, she likes to wear skirts in winter to show her graceful figure. Since last winter, she has felt knee pain in cold and overcast days. Later, the doctor diagnosed that she had arthritis. Therefore, Ms. Zhang believes that wearing less in cold and overcast days is the cause of arthritis.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Many people who wear more clothes in cloudy and cold days also get arthritis, and most of them are middle-aged and elderly people' questions Ms. Zhang's point of view most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9188, "premise": "Every evil has a reason, but all evil has no excuse. I can't be obliged to be evil just because evil comes from above; I can't be worthy to be evil just because everyone else is so evil: I can't even have the right to be evil to others just because someone is evil to me. Therefore, every specific evil must be condemned. If respect for life must be in the single digits, so must the condemnation of sin.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'No life can be harmed innocently, even if you hold high the banner of justice' conflicts with the ideas expressed above, except.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2771, "premise": "F. G, J, K, l and M apply for a position. Only the interviewee can be employed. The following conditions must be met: if interview g, interview J. If interview J, interview L. F was interviewed. F will not be hired unless K is interviewed. K will not be hired unless m is interviewed.", "hypothesis": "Only G and another candidate were interviewed might be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4060, "premise": "The development and competition of contemporary economy no longer rely mainly on intensive labor. For example, in the United States, the whole information superhighway project will take 20 years, with a total investment of 400 billion US dollars. It will cost $200 billion to install high-capacity fiber-optic lines for 95 million homes across the country.", "hypothesis": "The future economic development process is a capital intensive process is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11324, "premise": "For a television program about astrology, investigators went into the street and found twenty volunteers born under the sign of Gemini who were willing to be interviewed on the program and to take a personality test. The test confirmed the investigators' personal impressions that each of the volunteers was more sociable and extroverted than people are on average. This modest investigation thus supports the claim that one' s astrological birth sign influences one' s personality.", "hypothesis": "The personal impressions the investigators first formed of other people have tended to be confirmed by the investigators' later experience of those people indicates the most serious flaw in the method used by the investigators.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1409, "premise": "With the gradual improvement of social adaptability and the ability to distinguish between external self and internal self, children are gradually able to judge the social communication situation realistically and show complex social self according to these judgments. At the same time, the increasing stability of children's self-structure enables children to adjust their behavior according to their own internal value standards and belief system, as well as the needs of external situations.", "hypothesis": "Children's self-structure and their ability to judge social situations develop almost at the same time is not in line with the meaning of the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4830, "premise": "Without rapid economic development, there will be no progress in social undertakings. Now the economic development is fast, So the construction of social undertakings will also achieve remarkable results.", "hypothesis": "Benefit and fairness are a contradictory unity. Without fairness, it is difficult to achieve greater benefits. A company's benefits have increased, so the company has also achieved distribution fairness is the same as the above textual reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6535, "premise": "Wild kiwifruit, originally grown in the three Gorges area, was brought to New Zealand for cultivation in the last century. Today, the fruit, named kiwi, earns New Zealand $300 million a year. After export to China, the price is 50 yuan per kilogram.", "hypothesis": "The value of wild kiwifruit is not well developed in China is what this passage mainly tells us.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13681, "premise": "Attorney for Ziegler: My client continued to do consulting work between the time of his arrest for attempted murder and the start of this trial. But I contend that Ziegler was insane at the time that he fired the shot. This is the only reasonable conclusion to draw from the fact that the accusers have submitted no evidence that he was sane at the time he pulled the trigger, only that he was sane some time after he did so.", "hypothesis": "It concludes on the basis of evidence against Ziegler's being sane that there is a lack of evidence for Ziegler's being sane most accurately describes a flaw in the reasoning of Ziegler's attorney.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10885, "premise": "In the past the country of Malvernia has relied heavily on imported oil. Malvernia recently implemented a program to convert heating systems from oil to natural gas. Malvernia currently produces more natural gas each year than it uses, and oil production in Malvernian oil fields is increasing at a steady pace. If these trends in fuel production and usage continue, ttherefore, Malvernian reliance on foreign sources for fuel is likely to decline soon.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to establish when, if ever, production of oil in Malvernia will outstrip production of natural gas in evaluating the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9966, "premise": "Recently, there has been a discussion on whether to gradually extend the retirement age on the Internet. According to a month-long blog statistics of a website's discussion column on this issue, about half of the blog posts with more than 200 words of reasons agreed to gradually extend the retirement age in order to reduce the social security pressure brought about by an aging population; however, about 80% of all blog posts oppose the extension of the retirement age, mainly because they are worried about the negative impact on youth employment.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Now many people have found a second job after going through the retirement formalities' can best support the idea of gradually extending the retirement age.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12044, "premise": "Maria: Calling any state totalitarian is misleading: it implies total state control of all aspects of life. The real world contains no political entity exercising literally total control over even one such aspect. This is because any system of control is inefficient, and, ttherefore, its degree of control is partial. James: A one-party state that has tried to exercise control over most aspects of a society and that has, broadly speaking, managed to do so is totalitarian. Such a system' s practical inefficiencies do not limit the aptness of the term, which does not describe a state s actual degree of control as much as it describes the nature of a state' s ambitions.", "hypothesis": "Maria's main conclusion is that to be totalitarian, a state must totally control society.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8620, "premise": "Teacher Wu, Teacher Zhang, Teacher Sun, and Teacher Su are all teachers in a certain school, and each only teaches one course in Chinese, biology, physics, and chemistry. Known: \u2460If Mr. Wu teaches Chinese, then Mr. Zhang does not teach students \u2461Or Mr. Sun teaches Chinese, or Mr. Wu teaches Chinese \u2462If Mr. Zhang does not teach biology, then Mrs. Su also does not teach physics \u2463Or Mrs. Wu does not teach chemistry, Or Mr. Su teaches physics", "hypothesis": "If Teacher Su does not teach physics, then it can be deduced that Teacher Sun teaches Chinese.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5403, "premise": "When birds face survival pressures such as habitat destruction, threat of natural enemies and environmental pollution, they will secrete a hormone called cortisol. Therefore, birds often under survival pressure will have sparse feathers.", "hypothesis": "If birds' feathers become sparse, they must be under long-term stress can support the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5062, "premise": "Concept is a thinking form that reflects the essential attributes of objects. The extension of concept refers to all objects with the essential attributes reflected by the concept. According to whether there are overlapping parts between concept extensions, the relationship between concepts can be divided into compatible relationship and incompatible relationship. The compatible relationship between concepts refers to the relationship that two concept extensions at least partially overlap.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the concept 'conductor-semiconductor' is not compatible.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12521, "premise": "Rossi: It is undemocratic for people to live under a government in which their interests are not represented. So children should have the right to vote, since sometimes the interests of children are different from those of their parents. Smith: Granted, children' s interests are not always the same as their parents' ; governmental deficits incurred by their parents' generation will later affect their own generation' s standard of living. But even if children are told about the issues affecting them, which is not generally the case, their conceptions of what can or should be done are too simple, and their time horizons are radically different from those of adults, so we cannot give them the responsibility of voting.", "hypothesis": "Rossi's argument substitutes description for giving a rationale for a policy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14951, "premise": "Linguist: In English, the past is described as behind and the future ahead,  whereas in Aymara the past is ahead and the future behind.  Research indicates that English speakers sway backward when discussing the past and forward when discussing the future. Conversely, Aymara speakers gesture forward with their hands when discussing the past and backward when discussing the future. These bodily movements, ttherefore, suggest that the language one speaks affects how one mentally visualizes time.", "hypothesis": "The linguist's reasoning depends on assuming that most people mentally visualize time as running either forward or backward.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7023, "premise": "Since the 1990s, the global annual consumption of rare earth has increased from 33000 tons to more than 10 tons. Rare earth is not only an important raw material for traditional industries such as steel, nonferrous metals and oil, but also plays an irreplaceable role in the fields of photoelectric information, catalytic equivalent technology and new materials. In today's world, a new use of rare earth is found almost every three to five years, One of every four new technologies is related to rare earth. China is the largest resource country of rare earth, so it is urgent to protect rare earth resources.", "hypothesis": "The development and utilization of rare earth restricts the application of high and new technology is mainly explained in this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7708, "premise": "It is necessary for breeders to provide full and complete information for effective detection of transgenic components in plants. If the testing subject and the breeder are within the jurisdiction of a state, the breeder can provide full and complete information to the testing subject, which is a controllable operation process within the sovereignty of the state. But if the breeder and the tester belong to different countries, especially when the technical ability of the breeder is ahead of the tester, it is difficult for the tester to ask the breeder to provide full and complete information of the seed.", "hypothesis": "The breeder has provided full and complete information to the testing subject if the transgenic component can be detected effectively can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12331, "premise": "A tiny, tree-living thrips is the first species identified that can reproduce both by laying eggs and by bearing live young, although for any one instance of reproduction, a given female will use only one of the two methods. Interestingly, biologists have observed that all of the offspring of this insect that are hatched from eggs are females, and all of the offspring that are live-born are males. It has also been noted that any particular live-born brood will comprise fewer individuals than any particular brood hatched from eggs. However, a much larger proportion of male offspring than of female offspring survives to adulthood, and among thrips reaching adulthood the ratio of males to females is about even.", "hypothesis": "On average, across the species, there are, over time, about as many instances of live-born broods as there are broods hatched from eggs. This can be properly inferred about the species of thrips described in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13127, "premise": "The principal of School X has proposed a plan that would add an hour-long study period to the end of the school day. She claims that the extension would improve the school's average score on the math section of the state assessment by allowing students more time to complete math homework that they wouldn't otherwise have time to complete.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Administrators from neighboring School Y recently implemented a school day extension and have seen no significant improvement in student test scores on the state assessment' would most weaken the argument presented above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1616, "premise": "Microwave oven meets the needs of modern urbanized workers' life and has become a new favorite of the kitchen because of its fast, convenient and clean characteristics. It not only has the functions of steaming, boiling, stewing and stewing, but also maintains the smell of food. In particular, heating leftovers is more suitable for the habits of Chinese people, although some people think it is a waste.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that microwave ovens are a convenient kitchen appliance for people with busy lives in cities.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8885, "premise": "If we do not try to raise the income of the low-income people, the society will be unstable; if the private economy is not allowed to get a return, the economy will not go up. In the face of the dilemma of income and distribution, it is correct to advocate that efficiency is priority and giving consideration to fairness. If we listen to the proposition that fairness is priority and give consideration to efficiency, China's economy will return to the era of neither efficiency nor fairness.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is that the equal emphasis on efficiency and fairness is superior to the concepts of efficiency is priority and giving consideration to fairness and fairness is priority and giving consideration to efficiency.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10494, "premise": "In our country, traffic compulsory insurance is the kind of insurance that insurance companies choose independently. Since its launch in 2006, only a small profit has been made in 2008, and losses have been recorded in other years, and the losses have increased year by year. In 2011, the actual operating loss of the national traffic insurance reached 9.2 billion yuan. Oddly enough, the current compulsory traffic insurance under huge losses is still the business that insurance companies compete for.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Commercial car insurance is very profitable, and car owners usually do not cover compulsory insurance and commercial car insurance separately' best explains the strange phenomenon of insurance companies competing for compulsory insurance business.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3775, "premise": "There are three chess grandmasters and three chess masters in a round robin, that is, each player has to compete with five other players. The scoring rules are as follows: 2 points for defeating a chess grandmaster and 1 point for defeating a chess master; a chess grandmaster loses 2 points and a chess master loses 1 point. If:", "hypothesis": "The highest score that the chess grandmaster can get is 3 marks.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12487, "premise": "Eating garlic reduces the levels of cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood and so helps reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Evidence that eating garlic reduces these levels is that a group of patients taking a garlic tablet each day for four months showed a 12 percent reduction in cholesterol and a 17 percent reduction in triglycerides; over the same period, a group of similar patients taking a medically inert tablet showed only a 2 percent reduction in triglycerides and a 3 percent reduction in cholesterol.", "hypothesis": "Determining what the diets of the two groups were during the period would be most important in evaluating the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12974, "premise": "Currently, warm-blooded pets are allowed to enter the country only if they have a certificate showing that they have been vaccinated against rabies. This policy is flawed because vaccinations sometimes fail to take effect. If the vaccination is successful, the animal has a high level of rabies antibodies in its blood. Ttherefore, a more effective means of preventing pets with rabies from entering the country would be to administer blood tests and refuse entry to any pets whose blood did not contain a high level of rabies antibodies.", "hypothesis": "A significantly larger percentage of rabies vaccinations than of vaccinations against other animal diseases fail to produce immunity most substantially weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3928, "premise": "This summer, Lao Li's three children took part in three sports competitions held in Hangzhou, Kunming and Harbin. Men's gymnastics, pole vault and marathon. What is known is that the eldest did not go to Harbin to participate in the marathon; the third did not participate in the events held in Hangzhou; and the child who won the national championship in gymnastics did not go to Kunming, the winner of the marathon was not his third.", "hypothesis": "The national champion of men's gymnastics is the eldest.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3210, "premise": "Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), Klebsiella and other bacteria can cause a variety of diseases and infections. At the same time, various antibiotics often have nothing to do with them, so these discolored bacteria are called superbacteria. In recent years, researchers can track not only the source of bacteria, but also the source of other drug-resistant bacteria through microbial whole genome sequencing technology. Therefore, Whole genome sequencing technology can solve the disease problems caused by superbacteria such as MRSA.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Whole genome technology can provide clues for finding drugs to inhibit superbacteria' weakens the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2034, "premise": "The great development of a philosophy is not or mainly not that it gives a new explanation or explanation to the existing problems, but that it changes the way it asks philosophical questions in the face of the requirements of the times. In the face of the new development of the times, it puts forward new problems and condenses new categories and theories.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that the great development in philosophy is that it has changed the way it asks questions in the face of the requirements of the times.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7065, "premise": "In recent years, the music curriculum in primary and secondary schools in China has not received enough attention in many areas, and the content of teaching materials can not keep pace with the times. Some music teachers only pay attention to skill training and ignore the main purpose of music education. The first thing should be Building Morality and determination. Before teaching students a music work, teachers should first understand the moral thought expressed in it, Then we should carry out positive education on students' body and mind in various forms. As music teachers, we should take this as our own responsibility to make children really love music and plant a healthy seed of truth, goodness and beauty in their hearts.", "hypothesis": "The content and theme of music education need to be changed is intended to be emphasized in the paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15070, "premise": "Editorialist: Some people argue that ramps and other accommodations for people using wheelchairs are unnecessary in certain business areas because those areas are not frequented by wheelchair users. What happens, however, is that once ramps and other accommodations are installed in these business areas, people who use wheelchairs come there to shop and work.", "hypothesis": "Some business areas are not frequented by wheelchair users because the areas lack proper accommodations is most strongly supported by the editorialist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14504, "premise": "A convenience store manager noticed that a cooler which had been stocked with only a cola product and an iced-tea product had 15 colas left at the end of the day but only 3 iced-tea beverages. As a result, the manager reasoned that he should increase the amount of iced tea and decrease the amount of cola he ordered from the distributor.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"During that week, a special buy one, get one free sale was in effect for the cola beverage\" would most strengthen the manager's rationale for ordering more iced tea and less cola.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14798, "premise": "Recently, many traffic lights and street markings were temporarily removed from a heavily traveled street in a major metropolitan area. Given that this street experiences significant volumes of automobile traffic, the number of accidents on the street was expected to increase. However, even though the street experienced no reduction in traffic, the number of accidents was greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Drivers were given advance notice that the traffic lights and street markings would be removed' most helps to resolve the apparent conflict described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4650, "premise": "The constitution of a university stipulates that the General Council of the university is composed of all living alumni of the University, and it has the power to deal with matters related to the constitution; The 20 Member Council manages day-to-day affairs by a majority vote. A new proposal suggests that the University constitution can be amended by a unanimous vote of all the members of the Council.", "hypothesis": "The adoption of this new proposal will increase the voting power of the University's living alumni in managing university affairs is a conclusion that can be drawn if the above discussion is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3033, "premise": "The study found that a human face can be distinguished from other images a few hours after the baby is born. Because babies stare at faces for longer than they stare at expressionless oval paintings.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The longer a baby stares at an object, the more interested he is in that object\" is most helpful in explaining the abilities of the babies described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11977, "premise": "Most of Earth' s surface is ocean. The ocean floor is inaccessible for extensive research without equipment of greater technological sophistication than is currently available. It must ttherefore be true that scientists know less about the ocean floor environment than about almost any other environment on Earth.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Strong water currents circulate on the ocean floor, but the general pattern of their movement is not so well understood as is the pattern of air currents that circulate over land' provides the most support for the conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13629, "premise": "Advertisement: Seventy-five percent of dermatologists surveyed prefer Dermactin to all other brands of skin cream. Why? We consulted dermatologists during the development of Dermactin to ensure that you have the best skin cream on the market. So if you need a skin cream, use Dermactin.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the advertisement is questionable because the advertisement fails to state the number of dermatologists surveyed, which leaves open the possibility that the sample of doctors is too small to be reliable.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3838, "premise": "The basic attribution error is that people often attribute other people's behavior to personality or attitude, but ignore the importance of their situation.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang attributing Xiao Li's poor examination performance to lack of effort rather than to something that happened at home and impacted his emotions is an example of basic attribution error.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13339, "premise": "Cats spend much of their time sleeping; they seem to awaken only to stretch and yawn. Yet they have a strong, agile musculature that most animals would have to exercise strenuously to acquire.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Cats have a greater physiological need for sleep than other animals\" most helps to resolve the apparent paradox described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4369, "premise": "Living gifts refer to the donation of money to children, grandchildren and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or to use it for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.", "hypothesis": "Among the options given, Mr. Li appearing at home two years after he disappeared and his son inheriting his property is a living gift.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13071, "premise": "Even though apes are the only nonhuman creatures able to learn human language, no ape has ever used its human language skills to ask such philosophical questions as, How am I different from all other creatures?  Ttherefore, philosophical thought is unique to humans.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion in the passage above relies on the assumption that speaking in human language is easier than thinking in human language.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4147, "premise": "What is nucleic acid? Both nucleic acid and protein are important biomolecules. Nucleic acid is not only the basic component of all living cells, but also plays a dominant role in the growth, development, reproduction, heredity and variation of living organisms.It is divided into DNA and RNA,which are formed by connecting the nucleotide 3 - bit and 5 digits of phosphoric acid.", "hypothesis": "Nucleic acids are mixtures of nucleotides, nucleotides, and bases is a wrong statement about nucleic acid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12326, "premise": "Over the last five years, every new major alternative-energy initiative that initially was promised government funding has since seen that funding severely curtailed. In no such case has the government come even close to providing the level of funds initially earmarked for these projects. Since large corporations have made it a point to discourage alternative-energy projects, it is likely that the corporations' actions influenced the government' s funding decisions.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The only research projects whose government funding has been severely curtailed are those that large corporations have made it a point to discourage\" most strengthens the reasoning above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10878, "premise": "A new type of shaving cream has gotten excellent reviews, but there is a worry that an ingredient in the cream can cause a severe allergic reaction. If consumers test the product on a small area of skin before using it, however, a painful allergic reaction can certainly be prevented. Ttherefore, the fear of the cream causing allergic reactions is completely unfounded.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that 'all consumers of the shaving cream will test the product on a small area of skin before using it' is required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10079, "premise": "Weddings can be seen, but love can't be seen; love letters can be seen, misses can't be seen, flowers can be seen, spring can't be seen; fruits can be seen, nutrition can't be seen; the action of help can be seen, caring can't be seen; blowing wind can be felt, the air is invisible; the diploma is visible, but the level is invisible. Some people have come to the conclusion that the invisible is more valuable than the visible.", "hypothesis": "Roses are beautiful because all words are beautiful uses the same reasoning method as the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10908, "premise": "Appendicitis (inflammation of the appendix) is potentially fatal; consequently, patients with symptoms strongly suggesting appendicitis almost always have their appendix removed. The appropriate surgery is low-risk but performed unnecessarily in about 20 percent of all cases. A newly developed internal scan for appendicitis is highly accurate, producing two misdiagnoses for every 98 correct diagnoses. Clearly, using this test, doctors can largely avoid unnecessary removals of the appendix without, however, performing any fewer necessary ones than before, since __.", "hypothesis": "The only patients who are misdiagnosed using this test are patients who lack one or more of the symptoms that are generally associated with appendicitis most logically completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2315, "premise": "Time perception distortion the incorrect perception of time. In life, affected by various factors, people's perception of time is often not in line with reality. Sometimes they feel that time is too long, sometimes that time is too short. Many reasons are It can cause distortion of time perception.A bad performance in reality will make people feel like the end is far away.On the contrary, people always think that the good and happy time is too short.", "hypothesis": "It's only been seven days since the spring, and it's been two years since I left home does not meet the time perception distortion according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5137, "premise": "Scientists conducted a study on 76 heart disease patients. They used three methods: a volunteer to bring a dog to visit the patient, a volunteer to visit the patient and no volunteer to test separately the response of these patients. It was found that in the first case, the patient's anxiety level dropped by 24%, in the second case, the patient's anxiety level only dropped by 10%, and in the third case, the patient's anxiety level remained at the original level. Therefore, scientists believe that dogs can help people with heart disease to reduce anxiety.", "hypothesis": "Among the patients visited, the vast majority like and raise their own pet dogs can weaken the scientists' argument most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2872, "premise": "Studies have found that sprinkling salt to remove ice on roads in winter can turn frogs that are supposed to be female into males because the sodium in these road salts can affect frog receptor cells and change the sex of would-be female frogs. Some experts believe that this will lead to a decline in the number of frogs in the relevant areas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The ratio of male to female affects the size of an animal population, and the number of females is very important for the reproduction of the species' best supports the opinions of the above-mentioned experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3033, "premise": "The study found that a human face can be distinguished from other images a few hours after the baby is born. Because babies stare at faces for longer than they stare at expressionless oval paintings.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Babies rarely stare at an object for a long time' is most helpful in explaining the abilities of the babies described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7660, "premise": "Crowdsourcing refers to the practice of a company or organization to delegate tasks traditionally performed by employees to the general public.", "hypothesis": "A gallery invites visitors to write instructions for the exhibits in the museum and select some of them as labels to display together is not crowdsourcing.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3171, "premise": "The parliament of a certain country is going to spend four days discussing seven bills. The discussion arrangement must meet the following conditions: a maximum of three bills per day; Motion No. 4 must be put on the next day; Motion No. 1 and motion No. 5 were discussed on the same day; Motion No.4 was discussed after motion No.2 and before motion No.3; Motion No. 3 is discussed before motion No. 1 and after motion No. 6.", "hypothesis": "Motion No. 5 and motion No. 7 can be discussed on the first day.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6498, "premise": "China is in a period of economic and industrial transformation, with a shortage of skilled workers, especially senior skilled workers and skilled talents. it is not only a bottleneck restricting the adjustment of China's economic structure and realizing the transformation of the mode of economic growth, but also an important reason why there are a large number of new jobs in China's economy. Local governments should organize and mobilize all kinds of resources to guide suitable urban and rural young people to choose to receive vocational education and make use of the employment opportunities in China's economic transformation. Vocational education is not only an education for young students, but also a core part of continuing education, especially for migrant workers.", "hypothesis": "The option 'Promote vocational education and enhance human capital' is an accurate summary of the gist of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 656, "premise": "To be mentally healthy, people must have self-esteem. People must maintain their self-esteem by constantly earning the respect of others, and they must earn this respect only by treating these people ethically.", "hypothesis": "Self-respecting people rarely treat those whom they respect ethically can be drawn as a conclusion from the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12739, "premise": "The general availability of high-quality electronic scanners and color printers for computers has made the counterfeiting of checks much easier. In order to deter such counterfeiting, several banks plan to issue to their corporate customers checks that contain dots too small to be accurately duplicated by any electronic scanner currently available; when such checks are scanned and printed, the dots seem to blend together in such a way that the word VOID appears on the check.", "hypothesis": "The questionable assumption of the plan is that the size of the smallest dots that generally available electronic scanners are able to reproduce accurately will not decrease significantly in the near future.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14589, "premise": "Gartland has long been narrowly self-sufficient in both grain and meat. However, as per capita income in Gartland has risen toward the world average, per capita consumption of meat has also risen toward the world average, and it takes several pounds of grain to produce one pound of meat. Ttherefore, since per capita income continues to rise, whereas domestic grain production will not increase, Gartland will soon have to import either grain or meat or both.", "hypothesis": "In Gartland, neither meat nor grain is subject to government price controls is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14328, "premise": "Travaillier Corporation has recently hired employees with experience in the bus tour industry, and its executives have also been negotiating with charter bus companies that subcontract with bus tour companies. But Travaillier has traditionally focused on serving consumers who travel primarily by air, and marketing surveys show that Travaillier' s traditional consumers have not changed their vacation preferences. Ttherefore, Travaillier must be attempting to enlarge its consumer base by attracting new customers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The industry consultants employed by Travaillier typically recommend that companies expand by introducing their current customers to new products and services' would most weaken the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13678, "premise": "Ethicist: Every moral action is the keeping of an agreement, and keeping an agreement is nothing more than an act of securing mutual benefit. Clearly, however, not all instances of agreement-keeping are moral actions. Ttherefore, some acts of securing mutual benefit are not moral actions.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument \"All architecture is design and all design is art. However, not all design is architecture. Therefore, some art is not design\" is most similar to that in the ethicist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10846, "premise": "The fact that tobacco smoke inhaled by smokers harms the smokers does not prove that the much smaller amount of tobacco smoke inhaled by nonsmokers who share living space with smokers harms the nonsmokers to some degree. Many substances, such as vitamin A, are toxic in large quantities but beneficial in small quantities.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument is most similar to the statement 'Although a healthful diet should include a certain amount of fiber, it does not follow that a diet that includes large amounts of fiber is more healthful than one that includes smaller amounts of fiber. Too much fiber can interfere with proper digestion.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2014, "premise": "Experiments have shown that plants contain a light-sensing protein that can distinguish the intensity of light. This ability is likely to enable plants to see wavelengths that cannot be seen by human vision and have high sensitivity. Plants can feel the direction in which the light is shining. Light makes plants know when to wake up in the morning and can also promote the extra secretion of two colorless pigments, quercetin and clenbuterol, which can filter intense sunlight and give full play to the role of sunscreen, thus protecting plants from the intense exposure of ultraviolet rays.", "hypothesis": "The main focus of this passage is that plants have vision in a certain sense.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1486, "premise": "Scientists have found that the immune regulation of mesenchymal stem cells has such a plasticity, that is, it is like a moderator of the inflammatory environment: when the inflammatory response increases, mesenchymal stem cells inhibit the immune response; when the inflammatory response weakens, mesenchymal stem cells may promote the immune response. This characteristic needs to be paid great attention in the process of treating diseases. For example, scientists have found that mesenchymal stem cells entering the human body can significantly alleviate the condition of patients with liver cirrhosis, reduce the inflammatory reaction in the liver, and improve liver function indexes such as bilirubin and albumin. However, dexamethasone can counteract the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells on liver cirrhosis to a considerable extent. The reason is that when patients receive the combined treatment of dexamethasone and mesenchymal stem cells, the inflammation in the focus of patients with liver cirrhosis will be reduced, resulting in the weakening of the immunosuppressive effect of mesenchymal stem cells and the complete disappearance of the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells. it may even aggravate the disease.", "hypothesis": "The combined use of mesenchymal stem cells and some drugs may undermine their therapeutic effect on inflammatory diseases is correct according to this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9630, "premise": "Township sages mediation refers to the civil mediation method in which rural dignitaries with high prestige and influence come forward to resolve disputes after disputes occur among villagers.", "hypothesis": "Lao Zhang and his neighbor Lao Li clashed and blocked the road in front of their home. The old branch secretary at the head of the village used to mediate. As soon as they saw him, they lost more than half of their anger, shook hands and opened the road does not belong to the township sages mediation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14360, "premise": "Yang: Yeast has long been known to be a leaven, that is, a substance used in baking to make breads rise. Since biblical evidence ties the use of leavens to events dating back to 1200 B. C. , we can infer that yeast was already known to be a leaven at that time. Campisi: I find your inference unconvincing; several leavens other than yeast could have been known in 1200 B. C.", "hypothesis": "Campisi counters Yang's argument by questioning the truth of a presumption underlying Yang's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9128, "premise": "The students in a certain class are all football fans. During the 2014 World Cup, all the students who supported the Argentine team did not support the German team, and all the students who supported the Argentine team did not support the Brazilian team. Some students who support the American team support the German team, and some students who support the American team support the Brazilian team.", "hypothesis": "So the students who support the United States either support Argentina, Germany or Brazil must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4312, "premise": "It was learned from the Ministry of Supervision of the Central Economic Commission that in 2004, the university's charging standards will continue to remain stable and no new projects will be established. However, the Qilu Evening News reported on the same day that the Shandong Education Department announced that the popular majors charge of ordinary universities will rise by 10%. Previously, Changsha The Evening News reported that the tuition fees for popular majors in universities in Hunan can be increased by no more than 30% on the basis of the unified provincial fee standard.", "hypothesis": "From this text, we can know that popular majors charge higher than ordinary majors.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4967, "premise": "The crime of assembling a crowd to robbery refers to the act of gathering a crowd to rob public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession, in a large amount or with other serious circumstances.", "hypothesis": "It has to be a large amount is not a conviction element.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2337, "premise": "Virtual museums are interested in the 90s of the last century. Compared with physical museums, virtual museums can display all the collections. The audience does not need to keep a distance from the collections. You can see the works from different directions with a single click of the mouse, and realize human-computer interaction. Many people worry that physical museums will gradually promote the charm. But the fact is that through the influence of digitalization, people learn about the original works, and they want to enter the physical museum to contact them.", "hypothesis": "The emphasis of this text is that there is no conflict between the virtual museum and the real museum.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1177, "premise": "Social justice is not an abstract concept that arises out of thin air in people's minds, but the development of social development that comes into being with the emergence of society.Under different historical conditions, people's understanding of social justice is different. Engels once pointed out that the fairness of the Greeks and Romans believed that slavery was fair.The fairness of the bourgeoisie in 1789 demanded the abolition of feudalism because it was said to be unfair, so the concept of permanent fairness varied not only according to local conditions, but even from person to person.", "hypothesis": "The most likely meaning of the passage is that social justice is historical.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2089, "premise": "In the early Qing Dynasty, the dramatist Li Yu was seriously ill. He did not agree to see a doctor who could prescribe a doctor to cure a disease, but a doctor who had prescribed a prescription to treat people who had died. This puzzled his wife and mother. Afterwards, Li Yu said, every doctor who can cure a disease must push it when he sees a critically ill patient. There is no ability to treat critically ill patients, and doctors who have killed people are not afraid of severe death. Although they have treated the dead, they have also gained experience. ", "hypothesis": "Every doctor who can cure a disease is a quack is not the truth of this story.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9158, "premise": "A fuel-efficient car of a certain brand is priced at 270,000 yuan, while another is priced at 170,000 yuan. According to the current gasoline price and the test data of the fuel consumption per 100 kilometers of the two cars, people who buy this fuel-efficient car need to complete 300,000 kilometers to make up the price difference higher than that of buying a normal car. If the oil price rises in the future, the mileage required to make up the purchase price of the car will also increase accordingly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Arguments and conclusions are contradictory' most points out the flaw in the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1679, "premise": "Four brothers and sisters, A, B, C, D. A said: D is the youngest sister. B said: among the brothers and sisters, there is only one boy. C said: I am A's sister.", "hypothesis": "If all of the above are true, A is the second, it is a girl, and C is the first, it is a girl.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2407, "premise": "In one election, statistics showed that someone voted in favour of all the candidates.", "hypothesis": "If the statistics are true, it is impossible for all the candidates to be elected.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4258, "premise": "Researchers believe that obesity is related to the parasitism of some microorganisms that can produce specific gases in the human body. These microorganisms make their exhaled gases smell worse. CS Medical Center in Los Angeles analyzed the exhalations of 792 physical examinees and found that the body height and body mass index (BM2) of people with high exhaled methane and hydrogen is 2.4 points higher than that of normal people, that means, they belong to the category of obese people.", "hypothesis": "It cannot be inferred that it can be determined whether a person exhaling is obese by whether the expired gas smells bad.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7582, "premise": "The legal liability of a lawyer refers to the lawyer's intentional or gross negligence, violation of the relevant laws and regulations and the lawyer's professional discipline, damages the legal rights and interests of the parties, disrupts the normal judicial procedures, and affects the lawyer's career. The image has led to the consequences that lawyers should bear civil, administrative, and criminal liabilities in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'When evidence should be collected, the evidence is obliterated because of the lawyer's failure to collect it in time' is not the legal liability of a lawyer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4930, "premise": "The same number of cucumber seedlings were planted in the two experimental greenhouses. Magnesium salt was applied in the first greenhouse, but not in the second. The first one produced 10kg cucumber and the second one produced 5kg. Since nothing was applied to the greenhouse except water, the higher yield of the first greenhouse must be due to magnesium salt.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The soil quality and sunshine amount of the two experimental greenhouses are different' weakens the above argument most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4258, "premise": "Researchers believe that obesity is related to the parasitism of some microorganisms that can produce specific gases in the human body. These microorganisms make their exhaled gases smell worse. CS Medical Center in Los Angeles analyzed the exhalations of 792 physical examinees and found that the body height and body mass index (BM2) of people with high exhaled methane and hydrogen is 2.4 points higher than that of normal people, that means, they belong to the category of obese people.", "hypothesis": "According to the above description, it cannot be inferred that the mixture of methane and hydrogen smells bad.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11731, "premise": "Muscular strength is a limited resource, and athletic techniques help to use this resource efficiently. Since top athletes do not differ greatly from each other in muscular strength, it follows that a requirement for an athlete to become a champion is a superior mastery of athletic techniques.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the argument is that superior muscular strength is a requirement for an athlete to become a champion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12416, "premise": "Linguist: Regional dialects, many of which eventually become distinct languages, are responses by local populations to their own particular communicative needs. So even when the unification of the world economy forces the adoption of a universal language for use in international trade, this language itself will inevitably develop many regional dialects.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the linguist's argument requires is that when the unification of the world economy forces the adoption of a universal language for use in international trade, many regional dialects of other languages will be eradicated.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12957, "premise": "Internet music downloading websites allow consumers to download music onto their home computers. Patrons of these music downloading websites purchase more albums from retail stores than people who do not download music through these websites. Ttherefore, downloading music on these websites actually encourages consumers to purchase more albums than they otherwise would.", "hypothesis": "The argument is most vulnerable to criticism because it fails to consider that the concurrent existence of two states of affairs does not imply that one caused the other.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10587, "premise": "In a study, pairs of trained dogs were placed side by side and given a command such as sit.  After both obeyed the command, one dog was given a treat while its partner was given no reward at all. Over time, the dogs who went unrewarded began to disobey the command. This shows that dogs have an aversion to being treated unfairly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Were dogs who received treats in one trial ever used as dogs that did not receive treats in other trials?' would be most useful to know in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9255, "premise": "The gun violence tragedy in the United States has reignited the discussion of gun control. Opponents of gun control say gun violence in the United States soared in the 1980s, and some states imposed strict gun controls in 1986. But the average violent crime rate in these states is 1.5 times higher than in other states. It can be seen that strict gun control does not help to reduce violent crime.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Since 1986, the annual number of violent crimes in these states with strict gun control has continued to decline' weakens the above argument most strongly if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11630, "premise": "In the country of Marut, the Foreign Trade Agency' s records were reviewed in 1994 in light of information then newly available about neighboring Goro. The review revealed that in every year since 1963, the agency' s projection of what Goro' s gross national product(GNP) would be five years later was a serious underestimate. The review also revealed that in every year since 1963, the agency estimated Goro' s GNP for the previous year--a Goro state secret--very accurately.", "hypothesis": "The claim that 'The agency's five-year projections of Goro's GNP had no impact on economic planning in Marut' is most strongly supported by the statement given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10083, "premise": "A tour group went to the Mulan paddock for a trip. The group members rode horses, shot arrows, ate barbecued meat, and finally went to the store to buy souvenirs. Known: (1) Someone bought a Mongolian knife. (2) Someone did not buy a Mongolian knife. (3) Both Mr. Zhang and Ms. Wang from the group bought Mongolian knives.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the three sentences above is true, then neither Mr. Zhang nor Ms. Wang bought Mongolian knives must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11829, "premise": "Editorial: A proposed new law would limit elementary school class sizes to a maximum of 20 students. Most parents support this measure and argue that making classes smaller allows teachers to devote more time to each student, with the result that students become more engaged in the learning process. However, researchers who conducted a recent study conclude from their results that this reasoning is questionable. The researchers studied schools that had undergone recent reductions in class size, and found that despite an increase in the amount of time teachers spent individually with students, the students' average grades were unchanged.", "hypothesis": "The assumption required by the researchers' argument is that parental support for the proposed law rests solely on expectations of increased student engagement in the learning process.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12349, "premise": "The notion that one might be justified in behaving irrationally in the service of a sufficiently worthy end is incoherent. For if such an action is justified, then one would be behaving rationally, not irrationally.", "hypothesis": "One ought not to have both a cat and a goldfish is most similar in its reasoning to the argument above. The goldfish is the natural prey of the cat, so it is unethical to place it at the cat's disposal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1679, "premise": "Four brothers and sisters, A, B, C, D. A said: D is the youngest sister. B said: among the brothers and sisters, there is only one boy. C said: I am A's sister.", "hypothesis": "A is the second, it is a boy, and B is the third, it is a girl is the correct inference if all of the above statements are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4650, "premise": "The constitution of a university stipulates that the General Council of the university is composed of all living alumni of the University, and it has the power to deal with matters related to the constitution; The 20 Member Council manages day-to-day affairs by a majority vote. A new proposal suggests that the University constitution can be amended by a unanimous vote of all the members of the Council.", "hypothesis": "This proposal will come into effect only if all the members of the Council unanimously support it can be drawn as a conclusion if the above discussion is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11028, "premise": "Sociologist: Many rural residents claim to only approve of modest lifestyles; yet, many of these same rural residents often buy magazines focused on the lives of celebrities. However, it is proven that humans are often fascinated by the very things they condemn. Ttherefore, it is predictable that these celebrity magazines would be popular with these rural residents.", "hypothesis": "The sociologist's argument depends on the assumption that most rural residents who buy magazines focused on celebrities do not regard the celebrity lifestyles as modest.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4713, "premise": "China is in the transition period of per capita GDP from US $100 to US $3000. In the process of accelerating industrialization, people's demand for material culture is increasing. However, at present, the government is insufficient to provide public goods and public services, which is not suitable for the growing social public demand of the people.", "hypothesis": "In 2004, the proportion of public health care expenditure in GDP was 2.6% in middle and low-income countries, compared with 1.9% in China cannot strengthen the above discussion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4068, "premise": "The subject matter of the lawsuit refers to a civil legal relationship or right that the people's court is required to grant to settle through trial if the parties have a dispute.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between robbery between the plaintiff and the defendant and the victim of robbery is the subject matter of the lawsuit according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11016, "premise": "Professor Edwards must have revealed information that was embarrassing to the university. After all, to have been publicly censured by the head of the university, as Edwards was, a professor must either have revealed information that embarrassed the university or have been guilty of gross professional negligence, and Edwards' professional behavior is impeccable.", "hypothesis": "Any employee of Wilkins, Waddel, and Sloan who discusses a client with a member of the press will be either fired or demoted, but since Wilkins employees never discuss their clients at all, no Wilkins employee will ever be demoted is an argument that exhibits a pattern of reasoning similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1226, "premise": "Tao Xingzhi once told Cheng you have watt under your whip, Newton in your cold eyes, Edison in your ridicule. A cold look, a mean word, and an unfair treatment may affect a child's life. If there is no benevolence, tireless patience, and public interest in teaching. Then such education has no temperature. Just as some people in the educational circles cry out, many teachers do not lack knowledge, methods, love and sense of responsibility. Today's education needs to return to people themselves and concern people's growth more than ever before.", "hypothesis": "The main problem in current education is not people-oriented, according to the author.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5017, "premise": "Septicemia can cause multiple organ failure in the body and can be fatal. A new approach to treating septicemia uses micron-sized magnetic beads to filter 80 percent of the pathogen from the blood of patients with septicemia, allowing antibiotics to work more effectively.", "hypothesis": "The size of magnetic beads is 1/8 of the diameter of red blood cells, which can ensure the smooth flow of salt solution containing magnetic beads is necessary for the new treatment to work.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8257, "premise": "Foil is to highlight the main things, with similar things or negative, different things as a foil to a rhetorical method. Contrast refers to a rhetorical method in which two opposite or similar things are compared with each other to express a certain thought or artistic conception together. The difference between the two lies in that the foil takes the secondary things as the foil to highlight the main things, while the two things reflected in the contrast do not distinguish between primary and secondary.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the use of both of the above rhetorical devices can be found in the statement \"The noise of cicadas makes the forest quieter, and birdsong makes the mountains quieter.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7240, "premise": "The transformation of explicit information into secret information is called encryption, and the transformation of secret information into explicit information is called decryption.", "hypothesis": "Encryption is when Xiao Zhu said to Xiao Li, when I get to the top of the mountain, if I wave a magazine in my left hand, it means that the wind is strong. You don't go up.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 777, "premise": "Radiation adaptation refers to the phenomenon of biologically related organisms that have completely different adaptations in form and living habits due to living in different environments.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the flying albatross having a wingspan of more than 3.4 meters and the ostrich having weakened wings, strong legs, and hoof-like feet suitable for running on sand belong to radiation adaptation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4091, "premise": "The fair world fallacy refers to people's tendency to think that the world we live in is fair. A person achieves something because he must have done something right, so this achievement is what he deserves; if a person encounters misfortune, he himself is also responsible or even take the blame.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Man proposes, God disposes' does not reflect the fair world fallacy according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10828, "premise": "Physician: In itself, exercise does not cause heart attacks; rather, a sudden increase in an exercise regimen can be a cause. When people of any physical condition suddenly increase their amount of exercise, they also increase their risk of heart attack. As a result, there will be an increased risk of heart attack among employees of this company due to the new health program.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn by the physician follows logically if it is assumed that all employees, no matter what their physical condition, will participate in the new health program.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6565, "premise": "Recently, the price of international agricultural products has risen and the domestic grain price has also been impacted, but the domestic agricultural product market is relatively closed and its supply and demand is still strongly controllable. The stability of agricultural product prices determines the relative stability of C.PI. However, vigilance cannot be relaxed and once domestic agricultural prices rise, setting off a chain reaction, inflation triggered by rising agricultural prices in previous years could be repeated.", "hypothesis": "Inflation caused by the rise in agricultural products prices in previous years may reappear is mainly emphasized in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5949, "premise": "Many elderly Beijings have never forgotten the unique skills they saw at temple fairs when they were young. Today, these unique skills have more formal names-folk art. However, as the modernization of society accelerates, Chinese folk culture is facing unprecedented crisis. The survival crisis of the city, the continuous change of the urban environment, the rapid diversion and transfer of people's interests and hobbies, and the gradual loss of folk art talents, all of which make the development of folk art face difficulties.", "hypothesis": "The social status of folk art talents should be improved can be derived from this text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4843, "premise": "An economic theory points out that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between economic growth and environmental quality, that is, deterioration first and then improvement. At the beginning, with economic growth, residents' income continues to increase and the environment begins to deteriorate; However, when the economy grows to a certain extent, the environmental quality begins to reverse and continues to improve.", "hypothesis": "Due to the deterioration of the international economic situation, the national income of country D has been declining in recent years, but the environmental quality has not improved can verify the validity of this theory.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2987, "premise": "When Mr. Chen encouraged his children, he said, Don't be afraid of temporary difficulties and setbacks. How can you see a rainbow without experiencing wind and rain? His child said unconvincingly, what you said is wrong. I've been through so much wind and rain, why didn't I see the rainbow? ", "hypothesis": "Even if you go through the wind and rain, you may not see the rainbow is most appropriate to refute the answer of Mr. Chen's child.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14086, "premise": "Certain methods of creating high-quality counterfeit banknotes involve making accurate measurements of the images printed on genuine banknotes. Hence, if the production of high-quality counterfeit banknotes is to be prevented, some of the images on banknotes must be made very difficult or impossible to measure accurately.", "hypothesis": "Once the images printed on a banknote have been measured accurately, there is no further impediment to the banknote's being exactly replicated is an assumption required by the argument's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4564, "premise": "In a group,  thumb a lift refers to the phenomenon that individuals benefit from other members of the group without doing anything. The sucker effect refers to the phenomenon that when individuals find that some members of the group enjoy free riding, individuals will reduce their efforts, that is, individuals prefer to reduce their efforts and bear the consequences of reduced returns, rather than become a sucker and be thumb a lift by others.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Zhang's experience of liking cleanliness, taking initiative to clean the dormitory, and finding that his roommates no longer cleaned the dormitory, resulting in his own lack of cleaning even when the sanitary condition of the dormitory made him uncomfortable, belongs to the straw effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3782, "premise": "Analogical reasoning refers to the conclusion that two objects are the same in a series, and one of them is known to have other attributes, so it is inferred that the other object also has the same other attributes.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, analogical reasoning belongs to the statement \"We oppose all unhealthy tendencies, and it is an unhealthy trend to abuse power for personal gains. Therefore, we oppose abusing power for personal gains.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 22, "premise": "A country loses excessive topsoil and needs to import more food, which increases the pressure on the soil of other countries; a country's air pollution has caused neighboring countries to be harmed by acid rain; excessive carbon dioxide emissions have caused global warming and sea level rising. It can endanger all countries and regions.", "hypothesis": "The option that can best summarize the main points of the above is 'In terms of pollution control, developed countries are willing to assume more responsibilities and obligations.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2664, "premise": "In a study on how social relationships affect human mortality, the researchers were surprised to find that, regardless of race, income, physical exercise and other factors, a person who is willing to help others and get along well with others, the average life expectancy is longer than the average person, especially among men. On the contrary, people who are malicious, benefit themselves at the expense of others, and do not get along well with others are 1.5 to 2 times more likely to die before the age of 70 than normal people.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most people with good intentions and open-minded minds are mentally happy and healthy' can best explain the above findings.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11960, "premise": "In modern deep-diving marine mammals, such as whales, the outer shell of the bones is porous. This has the effect of making the bones light enough so that it is easy for the animals to swim back to the surface after a deep dive. The outer shell of the bones was also porous in the ichthyosaur, an extinct prehistoric marine reptile. We can conclude from this that ichthyosaurs were deep divers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is evidence that the bones of ichthyosaurs would have been light enough to allow surfacing even if the outer shells were not porous' most weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6017, "premise": "The travel agency has just booked a flight for three passengers. The three passengers are Bill from the Netherlands, Berteau from Canada and Pewter from Britain. Three of them went to Holland, one to Canada and one to England. It is reported that Bill does not intend to go to Holland and that Dombey does not intend to go to England. Berteau is not going to Canada or England.", "hypothesis": "Berto goes to Canada, Dampy goes to England, and Bill goes to Holland can be inferred from the given information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2959, "premise": "A province has made great efforts to develop the tourism industry. At present, three famous scenic spots have been formed: East Lake, West Island and Nanshan. Each scenic spot has three routes: two-day tour, three-day tour and four-day tour. Li Ming, Wang Gang and Zhang Bo plan to go to the above three places for a 9-day tour. Everyone has designed their own tourism plan. Later, it was found that the three of them chose different routes for each scenic spot: Li Ming's planned number of days to the East Lake was the same as Wang Gang's planned number of days to the West Island, Li Ming's plan to Nanshan was a three-day tour, and Wang Gang's plan to Nanshan was a four-day tour.", "hypothesis": "Zhang Bo plans a three-day tour of the East Lake and Li Ming plans a four-day tour of the West Island is correct according to the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9638, "premise": "In the development of society and daily life, the decisions of enterprises and families are not only affected by visible costs, but also restricted by a variety of accounting books, but actually occupy the hidden costs of relevant manpower and material resources. Invisible cost, like dark matter, is difficult to observe, but its size and trend can be inferred from its impact on related economic activities. From the perspective of social development, if policy makers want to comprehensively reduce the cost of economic activities and reduce the burden on enterprises and families, in addition to giving concessions in visible costs such as taxes and fees, reducing hidden costs is also a very important part.", "hypothesis": "The hidden cost that cannot be ignored is the most suitable for the title of this paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14666, "premise": "There is no reason why the work of scientists has to be officially confirmed before being published. There is a system in place for the confirmation or disconfirmation of scientific findings, namely, the replication of results by other scientists. Poor scientific work on the part of any one scientist, which can include anything from careless reporting practices to fraud, is not harmful. It will be exposed and rendered harmless when other scientists conduct the experiments and obtain disconfirmatory results.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Scientific experiments can go unchallenged for many years before they are replicated' would weaken the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2583, "premise": "The cricket is a very interesting little animal. On a quiet summer night, there were bursts of clear and melodious calls in the grass. It was the cricket singing. The beautiful song of the cricket came not from its good voice, but from its wings. When the left and right wings open and close and rub against each other, they can make a pleasant sound. The cricket is also an expert in architecture. Compared with its soft digging tools, the cricket's house is a great project. At the door of his house, there is a very comfortable platform. On summer nights, crickets are sure to sing on this platform unless it rains or it's windy.", "hypothesis": "On a rainless summer night, crickets sing on the platform according to the statement above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10844, "premise": "In a town containing a tourist attraction, hotel and restaurant revenues each increased more rapidly over the past year than did revenue from the sale of passes to the attraction, which are valid for a full year. This led those in charge of the attraction to hypothesize that visitors were illicitly selling or sharing the passes.", "hypothesis": "The local board of tourism reports that the average length of stay for tourists remained unchanged over the past year helps to undermine the hypothesis of those in charge of the tourist attraction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1526, "premise": "Sincerity is always like a mirror. When you sincerely face the public, the public will certainly read your sincerity. Even if you have mistakes and mistakes you don't find, it may be an intellectual problem, or the existing behavior mode and intellectual structure can't be avoided, and the public will forgive you.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this sentence is that whether right or wrong, we should sincerely face the public.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5528, "premise": "Non-taxable income is income that is devoted to a specific purpose the economic benefits derived from activities that are not for-profit in nature or origin  income that is not taxable and is not part of the taxable income amount.Such as financial allocation, administrative charges and so on.Tax-exempt income is an important part of taxpayers' income, but the tax benefits that the state gives to the economic benefits of certain projects in order to achieve some economic and social goals,but it is possible to restore taxed income over a period of time.", "hypothesis": "In order to encourage taxpayers to actively buy government bonds, the state stipulates that interest income from government bonds is not included in taxable income for the time being,no corporate income tax is levied,therefore, interest income on government bonds is a non-taxable income is incorrect according to the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 614, "premise": "Collective behavior is a spontaneous and unorganized behavior with a large number of people. In collective behavior, individuals do not act independently, but rely on and influence each other with others", "hypothesis": "Brightly colored dresses have become popular this summer is not collective behavior according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13843, "premise": "Journal editor: Our treasurer advises that because of our precarious financial situation, we should change from a paper version to an online version only if doing so will not increase the cost of publication. The cost of converting from a paper version to an online version is high; however, once the conversion is made, the cost per issue is much lower for an online version. Since a benefactor has agreed to cover the costs of conversion, and since we can safely assume that our treasurer is right, we should change to an online version.", "hypothesis": "The journal editor's argument is flawed in that it overlooks the possibility that an online version would have other advantages over a paper version than cost.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4128, "premise": "Lawyer's legal responsibility: refers to the lawyer's deliberate or negligent violation of relevant laws and regulations and the lawyer's practice discipline, which damages the legal rights of the parties, disrupts the normal judicial order, and affects the image of the lawyer's profession. Consequences that cause lawyers to bear civil, administrative, and criminal liabilities in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The judge didn't judge the case strictly, so that he judged the wrong case' does not belong to the legal responsibility of a lawyer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7799, "premise": "To build a conservation-oriented society in an all-round way is to promote conservation through development and ensure development through conservation. If the level of resource-saving technology and management is further improved and the relevant policies and regulations for a conservation-oriented society are further improved, then environmental protection can be more powerful guarantee. Only by strengthening the consciousness of resource conservation can the efficiency of resource utilization be fully improved.", "hypothesis": "If the efficiency of resource utilization is fully improved, then the whole society's consciousness of resource conservation is improved.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5632, "premise": "Customs is a state organ that supervises, checks and collects customs duties on all goods and articles entering and leaving the country.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when on duty, customs officers can check other people's luggage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10622, "premise": "In a recent study, one group of participants watched video recordings of themselves running on treadmills, and a second group watched recordings of other people running on treadmills. When contacted later, participants in the first group reported exercising, on average, 1 hour longer each day than did the other participants. This shows that watching a recording of yourself exercising can motivate you to exercise more.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"In studies of identical twins, participants who observed their twin reading overreported by a significant amount how much time they themselves spent reading in the days that followed\" most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12907, "premise": "People ought to take into account a discipline' s blemished origins when assessing the scientific value of that discipline. Take, for example, chemistry. It must be considered that many of its landmark results were obtained by alchemists -- a group whose superstitions and appeals to magic dominated the early development of chemical theory.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above is most susceptible to criticism because the author fails to establish that disciplines with unblemished origins are scientifically valuable.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12265, "premise": "Experts hired to testify in court need to know how to make convincing presentations. Such experts are evaluated by juries in terms of their ability to present the steps by which they arrived at their conclusions clearly and confidently. As a result, some less expert authorities who are skilled at producing convincing testimony are asked to testify rather than highly knowledgeable but less persuasive experts.", "hypothesis": "Successful politicians are not always the ones who best understand how to help their country. Some lack insight into important political issues but are highly skilled at conducting an election campaign most closely conforms to the principle illustrated by the passage above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10256, "premise": "Recently, the State Press and publication Administration and other eight major ministries and commissions jointly announced that online game anti-addiction system 'and the matching scheme of real-name authentication of online game anti-addiction systemwill be formally implemented this year. If minors play online games for more than 5 hours, the experience value and income will be counted as 0. The implementation of this scheme will effectively prevent minors from indulging in online games.", "hypothesis": "In addition to online games, there are stand-alone games, PS games played on TV and so on. Online game anti-addiction system may cause many underage players to turn to these games is an option that, if correct, will most effectively weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13139, "premise": "Any museum that owns the rare stamp that features an airplane printed upside down should not display it. Ultraviolet light causes red ink to fade, and a substantial portion of the stamp is red. If the stamp is displayed, it will be damaged. It should be kept safely locked away, even though this will deny the public the chance to see it.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above most closely conforms to the principle that the public should judge the quality of a museum by the rarity of the objects in its collection.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7187, "premise": "Database is a collection of related data organized according to certain structure and rules. It is a data collection formed by integrating user data and a warehouse for storing data. Network is a system that uses communication equipment and lines to connect multiple computers in different places and spatial locations with relatively independent operation, and configures certain systems and application software to realize software and hardware resource sharing and information transmission between originally independent computers. Network database is a system based on background database, plus certain foreground program, which completes data storage, query and other operations through browser.", "hypothesis": "The Wanfang Electronic Journal Library that is widely used in colleges, universities and scientific research institutes does not belong to the network database according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13768, "premise": "Humanitarian considerations aside, sheer economics dictates that country X should institute, as country Y has done, a nationwide system of air and ground transportation for conveying seriously injured persons to specialized trauma centers. Timely access to the kind of medical care that only specialized centers can provide could save the lives of many people. The earnings of these people would result in a substantial increase in country X' s gross national product, and the taxes paid on those earnings would substantially augment government revenues.", "hypothesis": "The argument depends on the assumption that most people seriously injured in automobile accidents in country X do not now receive treatment in specialized trauma centers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14653, "premise": "Three-year-old Sara and her playmate Michael are both ill and have the same symptoms. Since they play together every afternoon, Sara probably has the same illness as Michael does. Since Michael definitely does not have a streptococcal infection, despite his having some symptoms of one, the illness that Sara has is definitely not a streptococcal infection either.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument mistakes the cause of a particular phenomenon for the effect of that phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1085, "premise": "Acronyms refer to the different names of the same thing in different social groups, different regions or different times.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, \"What Sichuan people say about hongshao is actually what Henan people say about sweet potato\" is not an acronym.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4857, "premise": "Seawater can be changed into fresh water by desalination technology, and the amount of seawater is extremely huge. Therefore, there is no need to save fresh water resources.", "hypothesis": "Glacial water reserves are huge and can replace seawater desalination best challenges the above conclusions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13457, "premise": "Governments have only one response to public criticism of socially necessary services: regulation of the activity of providing those services. But governments inevitably make the activity more expensive by regulating it, and that is particularly troublesome in these times of strained financial resources. However, since public criticism of childcare services has undermined all confidence in such services, and since such services are socially necessary, the government is certain to respond.", "hypothesis": "The cost of providing child-care services will increase can be inferred from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13625, "premise": "One of the effects of lead poisoning is an inflammation of the optic nerve, which causes those who have it to see bright haloes around light sources. In order to produce the striking yellow effects in his Sunflowers paintings, Van Gogh used Naples yellow, a pigment containing lead. Since in his later paintings, Van Gogh painted bright haloes around the stars and sun, it is likely that he was suffering from lead poisoning caused by ingesting the pigments he used.", "hypothesis": "Van Gogh did not have symptoms of lead poisoning aside from seeing bright haloes around light sources is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3593, "premise": "A joint venture refers to an economic organization formed by two or more corporate legal persons or public institution legal persons with the same or different ownership properties, based on the principles of voluntariness, equality, and mutual benefit.", "hypothesis": "Company A is a joint venture between company B and company C, and company A and company B have jointly invested to form a foreign trade enterprise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3443, "premise": "It should be noted that a few people rely on consciousness and most people rely on policy. If various social problems are attributed to the lack of conscience, there is a suspicion of logic inversion and cognitive dislocation. Many problems are the lack of law leading to the lack of morality, not the opposite. If the supervision and punishment mechanism can be strictly implemented, the poisoning impulse of food producers can be effectively restrained: if the system is sound, good people will bleed and no longer cry, The innate conscience hidden in the hearts of the people can be transformed into practical acts of bravery.", "hypothesis": "If conscience cannot be turned into action, it shows that the system still needs to be improved can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10696, "premise": "Vervet monkeys use different alarm calls to warn each other of nearby predators, depending on whether the danger comes from land or from the air.", "hypothesis": "No predators that pose a danger to vervet monkeys can attack both from land and from the air contributes most to an explanation of the behavior of vervet monkeys described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 559, "premise": "Over-definition refers to a logical error in the process of defining a concept due to insufficient restrictions on the connotation of the concept.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above definition, people are animals that live in groups is over-definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10161, "premise": "Whether a person does good behavior or bad behavior depends on the length of his life. If he only had one day to live, it would be best for him to steal people's things, because he would not suffer the pain of fear of being caught. Stealing is not the best thing for someone who has 20 years left to live because he will suffer from the fear of being caught.", "hypothesis": "A man who knows he won't have a few days to live usually chooses to do something good over something bad is the assumption on which the above argument rests.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10352, "premise": "Among the pilots who joined the state-run airlines more than a decade ago, those who later transferred to private airlines now usually earn more than one million yuan a year, while those who remain in state-run airlines generally earn no more than 600000 yuan a year. These figures show that pilots at state-run airlines are underpaid.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis required by the above conclusion is that if the pilots who still stay in the state-run airlines also choose to go to private airlines, their annual salary will be more than 1 million yuan.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2229, "premise": "In the increasingly modern era, digital all-intelligent industry and the current large industry are the productive forces most dependent on social development. Handicraft, as an ancient human production, life style can also play its economic auxiliary role, but its cultural function significance will become increasingly prominent. Similar to the indispensability of spiritual Utopia, the existence of handicrafts will provide modern people with the opportunity to return to simple human nature and look back on human childhood, and the revitalization of traditional crafts will also open up a new realm of modern life and cultural creation.", "hypothesis": "The existence of handicrafts lies in its cultural function is intended to be emphasized in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2950, "premise": "Only in the process of multiple circulation can general commodities continue to increase in value, but as a special commodity, works of art reflect different characteristics from general commodities. In the auction market, the transaction prices of some antiques, calligraphy and painting are very random, which are often directly affected by accidental factors such as the atmosphere of the auction site, the intensity of bidding and the psychological changes of buyers. Sometimes the transaction price is dozens or even hundreds of times higher than the reserve price, so that the art products can realize significant value-added in a Circulation.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Although a large number of fakes flooded the market, they had little impact on the trading price of works of art' does not explain the above phenomenon.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8688, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "Jiu Shang Station is to the west of Fu Yi Station can be inferred if Hao Yun Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13014, "premise": "Vitamin XYZ has long been a favorite among health food enthusiasts. In a recent large study, those who took large amounts of vitamin XYZ daily for two years showed on average a 40 percent lower risk of heart disease than did members of a control group. Researchers corrected for differences in relevant health habits such as diet.", "hypothesis": "The inference that those who take large doses of vitamin XYZ daily for the next two years will exhibit on average an increase in the likelihood of avoiding heart disease is most supported by the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9136, "premise": "In August 2014, more than 200 Russian trucks carrying relief supplies entered eastern Ukraine, and if the Ukrainian government's military operations in the east directly or indirectly attacked the Russian convoy, it may trigger strong measures by the Russian side; if Ukrainian government forces temporarily suspend military operations in the east to ensure the safety of the Russian convoy, it will give the civilian armed forces at a disadvantage a chance to catch their breath.", "hypothesis": "If the Ukrainian government forces do not give the civilian armed forces a chance to catch their breath, it may trigger the Russian side to take strong measures must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14565, "premise": "Our computer experts are asked from time to time to allocate funds for new hardware and software for our company. Unfortunately, these experts favor cutting-edge technologies, because that is what excites them, despite the fact that such experimental technologies are highly expensive, full of undiscovered bugs, and thus are not the most profitable investments.", "hypothesis": "When librarians choose books for the library, they choose the kinds that they enjoy reading, not the kinds of books that serve the interests of the community conforms most closely to the principle illustrated by the situation described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9327, "premise": "In the past 20 years, one of the important advances in the study of life in the deep earth has been the discovery of the oceanic crust biosphere. The volume of the oceanic crust is huge, which is about five times the total volume of the global marine sediments. The scale of microorganisms inhabiting here is huge and cannot be ignored. They have important potential impacts on the global cycle of biogeochemical elements and the weathering of seabed landforms. However, limited by sampling techniques and conditions, the current research and understanding of the oceanic crust lithosphere is still very limited. Previously, limited research has focused almost exclusively on the shoaloids on the surface of the oceanic crust, while the lower oceanic crust, which accounts for nearly two-thirds of the volume of the oceanic crust, is considered to be one of the habitats for deep microbes, but there is still no direct However, there is still a lack of research on the microorganisms that inhabit here and their coping strategies for extreme environments.", "hypothesis": "The article is likely to introduce the effects of seafloor landform weathering on microbial survival.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1746, "premise": "City slogans should be expressed in the most concise, accurate, infectious and understanding language to dig out the unique spiritual connotation and local characteristics of the city. In other words, conciseness, incisiveness, generalization and profundity should be the most basic characteristics and requirements of drawing up a city slogan in terms of language expression. On the other hand, the city slogans drawn up by some cities in our country are too redundant and far-fetched, either in the language expression, in the characteristic orientation, or in the quality excavation, so as to give people a sense of deliberate, blind or even impetuous.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that city slogans should highlight urban characteristics.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7283, "premise": "A network refers to a system composed of many interleaved branches.", "hypothesis": "Jiangnan drainage system does not match the definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4369, "premise": "Living gifts refer to the donation of money to children, grandchildren and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or to use it for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.", "hypothesis": "Among the options given, Chairman Li handing over 80% of his property and the entire group to his daughter, and then living in the mountain village by himself is a living gift.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1350, "premise": "Why do dogs hide their mouths under their forelimbs while cats squeeze their ears under their forelegs? Animals use sensory organs to detect changes in the surrounding environment and react differently to different changes. The dog's sense of smell is particularly sensitive, it relies on the sense of smell to identify some objects, military dogs also rely on the sense of smell to judge the enemy situation and identify the path. For a dog, his nose is the most precious, so when he sleeps, hide his mouth and nose with his forelimbs to protect him, and use his nose to keep an eye on the surrounding movement. if anything happens, he can immediately identify it with his nose, or demonstrate by barking. The cat has a very sensitive sense of hearing. It uses its hearing to detect changes around it. When it catches mice, it uses its hearing to find out where the mice are. For a cat, its ears are the most precious, so when it sleeps, it squeezes its ears under its forelimbs, protects them on the one hand, and puts them on the ground on the other. As soon as it hears a sound, it can take immediate action. After entering the human family, cats and dogs still maintain this sleeping position.", "hypothesis": "The correct interpretation of this passage is that although cats and dogs do not need to be vigilant all the time, they still maintain a special sleeping position after entering the human family.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5978, "premise": "Unlike Italy, Germany and other European countries, the United States is known as the Football desert by some fans, who believe that in the United States, football has always been seen as a marginal sport.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Soccer has become the second sport for 12-24-year-olds in the United States. The absolute number of youth soccer players in the United States is the largest in the world' would most refute this view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3065, "premise": "Xiao Ming goes to an English cram school outside school every weekend. Xiao Qiang has never attended an English cram school. As a result, Xiao Ming and Xiao Qiang scored 95 and 55 respectively in the final exam. Therefore, the reason why Xiaoming's English is better than Xiaoqiang is that he went to an out-of-school cram school.", "hypothesis": "In the last English exam, Ming and Qiang scored 99 and 39 respectively is the most difficult to weaken the above assertion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2520, "premise": "There is a corruption case in a company. After investigating all the people who may be involved in the case, the four auditors each have the following conclusions: A: no one is corrupt. B: manager Zhang is not corrupt. C: not all of these people involved in the case are free from corruption. D: some people do not have corruption.", "hypothesis": "If only one of the four auditors is sure to be true, D is true, Manager Zhang did not embezzle.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "The critic's rebuttal is beside the point, because scientists aim to show that something can happen, but it has nothing to do with whether the subject is representative or not properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7931, "premise": "Elementary particles are studied with the aid of extremely high energies. To understand the microscopic structure of matter, we must first transform the microscopic matter, that is, we must find ways to break atoms, nuclei, protons, neutrons and other small particles, and expose their internal structure and various properties.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, both the microscopic structure of matter and microscopic matter refer to the molecules, atoms, protons, and neutrons that make up matter.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13418, "premise": "A scholar discovered an unlabeled nineteenth-century recording of someone reciting a poem written by Walt Whitman. During the nineteenth century, recordings of poetry were not made for wide commercial sale. Rather, they were made either as rare private souvenirs of the voices of famous poets or else as publicity stunts, in which actors recorded poems that were familiar to the public. Since the Whitman poem in the recording was never even published, it is likely that the voice in the recording is actually Whitman' s.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by distinguishing a phenomenon into two subtypes and then for a particular case eliminating one of those subtypes.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14895, "premise": "In many languages other than English there is a word for mother' s brotherwhich is different from the word for father' s brother,  whereas English uses the word uncle for both. Thus, speakers of these languages evidence a more finely discriminated kinship system than English speakers do. The number of basic words for colors also varies widely from language to language. Ttherefore, speakers of languages that have fewer basic words for colors than English has must be perceptually unable to distinguish as many colors as speakers of English can distinguish.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that \"almost every language distinguishes red from the other colors\" undermines the conclusion concerning words for colors.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7222, "premise": "At present, college students generally lack the literacy of Chinese classical literature. According to the survey, only about 5% of college students like Yuanqu", "hypothesis": "The study of Chinese classical literature is a long-term process weakens the above view most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10824, "premise": "Excavations of the Roman city of Sepphoris have uncovered numerous detailed mosaics depicting several readily identifiable animal species: a hare, a partridge, and various Mediterranean fish. Oddly, most of the species represented did not live in the Sepphoris region when these mosaics were created. Since identical motifs appear in mosaics found in other Roman cities, however, the mosaics of Sepphoris were very likely created by traveling artisans from some other part of the Roman Empire.", "hypothesis": "There is no single region to which all the species depicted in the Sepphoris mosaics are native is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7417, "premise": "Property fees: refers to the fees charged by the property management unit for the daily maintenance, repair, remediation and provision of other services related to the lives of residents in the residential area and its equipment, public equipment, materials and environment.", "hypothesis": "The utility bill of the guard room of the community is 80 yuan is property fees.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8749, "premise": "People generally think that left-handed people are more likely to have operational accidents than right-handed people, which is a misunderstanding.In fact, most household chores range from fire burns to cut fingers from right-handed people.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The proportion of domestic accidents in the whole operation accidents is not considered' best summarizes the loopholes in the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14402, "premise": "The media now devote more coverage to crime than they did ten years ago. Yet this is not because the crime rate has increased, but rather because the public is now more interested in reading and hearing about crime. After all, a crucial factor in the media' s decisions about what issues to cover and to what extent to cover them is the interests of their audiences.", "hypothesis": "The proposition that the public is now more interested in reading and hearing about crime is offered as an alternative explanation of why the media devote more coverage to crime now than they did ten years ago.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 423, "premise": "A study shows that in the general population, people who sleep less than 4 hours a night have a higher risk of obesity than those who sleep 7 to 9 hours a night, while those who sleep only 5 hours a day have a 50% higher risk. Therefore, the researchers conclude that lack of sleep is easy to make people obese.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement that lack of sleep can lead to a decrease in the concentration of lipoprotein, which has the function of inhibiting appetite, best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3470, "premise": "The so-called area source pollution refers to the dissolved or solid pollutants flowing into the receiving water body (including rivers, lakes, reservoirs and bays) through the runoff process from non-specific places under the scouring action of precipitation (or snow melting), and causing water eutrophication or other forms of pollution. It is a type of water environment pollution relative to point source pollution.", "hypothesis": "The garbage scattered everywhere in the countryside polluting the water body through the precipitation process belongs to area source pollution according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11969, "premise": "Some people believe that good health is due to luck. However, studies from many countries indicate a strong correlation between good health and high educational levels. Thus research supports the view that good health is largely the result of making informed lifestyle choices.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument overlooks the possibility that the same thing may causally contribute both to education and to good health.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2920, "premise": "One seminar had 18 participants. It is known that :(1) At least 5 young teachers are female; (2) At least 6 female teachers are over middle age; (3) At least seven young women are teachers;", "hypothesis": "According to the above information, there are at least 11 young teachers can be concluded about the participants.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3545, "premise": "Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structure level imitates the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain. Among them, the structure level imitates the brain refers to the analysis of the brain as a material and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (Various types of neurons and nerve synapses, etc.) each The function and connection relationship network structure; device-level approach to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and nerve synapses, so as to construct a human brain-scale neural network system under limited physical space and power consumption;the intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information stimulation, training and learning of the brain-like computer to make it produce intelligence similar to the human brain.", "hypothesis": "Capture the non-linear dynamics of the subtle firing of a single neuron belongs to the intelligence level surpasses the brain according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8906, "premise": "Enterprise competition is based on efficiency, and efficiency is based on family affection. The various systems of our country are not to destroy family affection, but to bring out family affection to the highest point.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The main function of the system is to dilute family affection and prevent people from using family affection to do bad things' would most seriously weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13586, "premise": "In Stenland, many workers have been complaining that they cannot survive on minimum wage, the lowest wage an employer is permitted to pay. The government is proposing to raise the minimum wage. Many employers who pay their workers the current minimum wage argue that if it is raised, unemployment will increase because they will no longer be able to afford to employ as many workers.", "hypothesis": "If inflation is taken into account, the proposed new minimum wage is not as high as the current one was when it was introduced, which most strongly supports the claim that raising the minimum wage in Stenland will not have the effects that the employers predict.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14590, "premise": "After a major toll highway introduced a system of electronic toll paying, delays at all of its interchanges declined significantly. Travel time per car trip decreased by an average of 10 percent. Tailpipe pollution for each trip decreased commensurately. Despite this, the total air pollution from vehicles on that highway did not decrease measurably.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The prospect of faster, more convenient travel induced more drivers to use the highway' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13586, "premise": "In Stenland, many workers have been complaining that they cannot survive on minimum wage, the lowest wage an employer is permitted to pay. The government is proposing to raise the minimum wage. Many employers who pay their workers the current minimum wage argue that if it is raised, unemployment will increase because they will no longer be able to afford to employ as many workers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'For any position with wages below a living wage, the difficulty of finding and retaining employees adds as much to employment costs as would raising wages' most strongly supports the claim that raising the minimum wage in Stenland will not have the effects that the employers predict.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11953, "premise": "Principle: If an insurance policy is written in such a way that a reasonable person seeking insurance would not read it thoroughly before signing it, then the reasonable expectations of the policyholder concerning the policy' s coverage should take legal precedence over specific language in the written policy itself. Application: The insurance company should be required to cover the hail damage to Celia' s car, even though specific language in the written policy Celia signed excluded coverage for hail damage.", "hypothesis": "Given the way it was written, a reasonable person would not have read Celia's insurance policy thoroughly before signing it, and Celia reasonably expected the policy to cover hail damage most justifies the above application of the principle.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11240, "premise": "A development company has proposed building an airport near the city of Dalton. If the majority of Dalton' s residents favor the proposal, the airport will be built. However, it is unlikely that a majority of Dalton' s residents would favor the proposal, for most of them believe that the airport would create noise problems. Thus, it is unlikely that the airport will be built.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The argument concludes, on the basis that a certain event is unlikely to occur, that the event will not occur' is flawed in the reasoning of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9966, "premise": "Recently, there has been a discussion on whether to gradually extend the retirement age on the Internet. According to a month-long blog statistics of a website's discussion column on this issue, about half of the blog posts with more than 200 words of reasons agreed to gradually extend the retirement age in order to reduce the social security pressure brought about by an aging population; however, about 80% of all blog posts oppose the extension of the retirement age, mainly because they are worried about the negative impact on youth employment.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Due to the implementation of the one-child policy for many years, the aging problem in China will be more acute than that in many western developed countries' can best support the idea of gradually extending the retirement age.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12991, "premise": "Until now, only injectable vaccines against influenza have been available. Parents are reluctant to subject children to the pain of injections, but adults, who are at risk of serious complications from influenza, are commonly vaccinated. A new influenza vaccine, administered painlessly in a nasal spray, is effective for children. However, since children seldom develop serious complications from influenza, no significant public health benefit would result from widespread vaccination of children using the nasal spray.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that adults do not contract influenza primarily from children who have influenza is on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12025, "premise": "Efraim: The popular press continually advises people to avoid various health risks. Yet by seeking to avoid health risks, people inevitably become anxious, and anxiety, in turn, poses a major health risk. Thus, paradoxical as it seems, simply disregarding journalists' advice about reducing health risks is bound to pose less of a health risk than does trying to follow any such advice. Felicity: But history shows that you are wrong. It was articles in the popular press that made people aware of the health risks posed by smoking cigarettes. Many people stopped smoking in response, and they led longer and healthier lives than they would have otherwise.", "hypothesis": "The point at issue between Efraim and Felicity is whether the sort of anxiety that results from efforts to avoid health risks can be overcome.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4919, "premise": "In some western countries, the population engaged in the tertiary industry has reached 70%, and the income level of people in these countries is considerable,", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Statistical error' can be seen in the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11665, "premise": "Heern: I object to the mayor' s proposal that taxicabs pick up and drop off passengers only at designated stops. This proposal aims to reduce traffic jams and accidents, but if the mayor herself were affected by such a law, she would oppose it. Thus the proposal is without merit.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Heern's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that this argument presumes, without providing justification, that the proposed law would not be the most effective way to reduce traffic jams and accidents.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4378, "premise": "After a logic test, Lan Lan, Jingjing, and Lingling discussed the test results together. Lanlan said: If I can get 100 points, Jingjing can also get 100 points. Jingjing said: I see Lanlan can get 100 points, I can't get 100 points. Lingling said: If I can get 100 points, Jingjing won't get 100 points. In fact, after the test results came out, it proved that only one of the three of them told the truth.", "hypothesis": "Lanlan is telling the truth, Jingjing scored 100 points is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4845, "premise": "People who buy commercial health insurance, because they can reimburse medical expenses, will allow bad behaviors and hobbies that can lead to illness, such as alcoholism, inaction, etc.", "hypothesis": "The reimbursement scope of commercial medical insurance including diseases caused by bad behavior and hobbies best constitutes a challenge to the above conclusions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4371, "premise": "As a modern agricultural technological revolution, the Blue Revolution refers to the general term for a major technological revolution in which humans ask for food from the waters.", "hypothesis": "Renovate tidal flats, plant submarine fodder, and establish submarine pastures is inconsistent with the Blue Revolution.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13106, "premise": "Environmentalist: Snowmobiles in the park north of Milville create unacceptable levels of air pollution and should be banned. Milville Business Spokesperson: Snowmobiling brings many out-of-towners to Milville in the winter months, to the great direct financial benefit of many local residents. In addition, the money the town collects in fees for the recreational use of the park indirectly benefits all Milville residents. So, it is basic economics for us to put up with the pollution.", "hypothesis": "A great many cross-country skiers are now kept from visiting Milville by the noise and pollution that snowmobiles generate could best be used by the environmentalist to counter the business spokesperson's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14286, "premise": "Most employees spend their time completing unimportant tasks for which they have been given firm schedules and deadlines. Efficient employees know how to ignore such demands and instead spend their time on projects that will yield big rewards for their employers if successful, even when such projects carry the risk of significant loss if unsuccessful.", "hypothesis": "Spending the entire afternoon completing routine correspondence that could be delayed instead of working on a report that a supervisor has ordered completed by the following day is an example of efficiency as described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10311, "premise": "Zhu Hong: red squirrels make holes in the bark of sugar pines to absorb sap. Since the sap of sugar pine is mainly composed of water and a small amount of sugar, it is roughly certain that red squirrels are looking for water or sugar. Water is easily available in other ways where pine trees grow. Therefore, red pine trees are not trying to dig holes because they are looking for water, they may be looking for sugar. Lina: it must not be looking for sugar but something else, because the concentration of sugar in sugar pine sap is so low that red squirrels have to drink a lot of sap to get a little sugar.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'In the season when sap can be obtained from sugar pines, the weather is cold enough to stop the sap from seeping out of the tree' shakes Lin Na's rebuttal to Zhu Hong the most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10107, "premise": "At the beginning of this century, Wigner put forward the theory of continental drift, which met with strong opposition because his theory was based on the assumption of unidentified forces sufficient to cause continental drift. We can now accept Wigner's theory. This is not because we have identified the power to cause the continent to drift, but because the new instruments eventually enable us to confirm the movement of the continent through observation.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"When an event assumed by a theory is confirmed, the theory can be accepted even if there is no explanation for the cause of the event\" is best illustrated by the above examples.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4548, "premise": "Before a football match, four players A, B, C and D guessed their playing situation. A: none of us will play; B: some of us will play; C: B and d have at least one player; D: I'll play.", "hypothesis": "Guess it's really B and D is true if two of the four guessed true and two guessed false.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8141, "premise": "In order to avoid predators and the hot sun, many migratory birds choose to fly at night when they migrate. When they have to fly over some natural geographical barriers such as the Gulf of Mexico, they even fly endlessly for 24 hours. Like humans, long-term lack of sleep can make birds extremely tired and less flexible, which inevitably leads to greater risk when they take a break. However, a new study shows that migratory birds have a clever solution. The scientists observed seven captured Sven's night thrushes and found that the migratory birds that used to fly at night were not completely relaxed during the day and usually had one eye open. Brain waves also showed that only half of their brains were in a standard dormant state.", "hypothesis": "The most suitable title for this passage is 'Between half dreaming and half waking up'.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14606, "premise": "Country G had long had a problem with congested roads. To cut down on congestion, Country G developed a high-speed train system connecting most midsize and large cities within the country. The train system was intended to cut down on the number of people utilizing private vehicles on the country' s roads. Within one year after the train system was complete, there were approximately 100, 000 riders using the high-speed train system. The citizens of Country G were ecstatic about the success of the train system.", "hypothesis": "It can properly be inferred from the passage that Country G believes that the train system is a success because the large number of people riding the train means that fewer people are using the country's roads.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 903, "premise": "Babe's law is a social psychology effect. It means that after a person experiences a strong stimulus, the stimulus given again becomes insignificant to him (her). In terms of psychological feelings, the first big stimulus can dilute the second small stimulus.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The 4-year-old Mengmeng began to learn foreign languages after recognizing and reading common Chinese characters' is in line with Babe's law according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3865, "premise": "Underwater cultural heritage refers to all cultural, historical or archaeological remains of human existence partially or wholly located underwater, periodically or continuously, for at least 100 years.", "hypothesis": "The archaeological remains of a Neolithic culture found on the Greek island of Crete between 10,000 and 3300 BC belongs to underwater cultural heritage according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14432, "premise": "Some anthropologists study modern-day societies of foragers in an effort to learn about our ancient ancestors who were also foragers. A flaw in this strategy is that forager societies are extremely varied. Indeed, any forager society with which anthropologists are familiar has had considerable contact with modern, non-forager societies.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Even those modern-day forager societies that have not had significant contact with modern societies are importantly different from ancient forager societies' would most weaken the criticism made above of the anthropologists' strategy.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8688, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "Hao Yun Station is to the west of Yin Ling Station can be inferred if Hao Yun Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14715, "premise": "If the prosecutor wanted to charge Frank with embezzlement, then Frank would already have been indicted. But Frank has not been indicted. So clearly Frank is not an embezzler.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning exhibited by the statement 'If Lucy believed she was going to be fired, she would not come in to work today. She is going to be fired, so clearly she will not be coming in today' is most similar to that exhibited by the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2034, "premise": "The great development of a philosophy is not or mainly not that it gives a new explanation or explanation to the existing problems, but that it changes the way it asks philosophical questions in the face of the requirements of the times. In the face of the new development of the times, it puts forward new problems and condenses new categories and theories.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that the great development of philosophy lies not in its new interpretation of existing problems, but in its new ways of solving problems.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14831, "premise": "Recent research indicates that increased consumption of fruits and vegetables by middle-aged people reduces their susceptibility to stroke in later years. The researchers speculate that this may be because fruits and vegetables are rich in folic acid. Low levels of folic acid are associated with high levels of homocysteine, an amino acid that contributes to blocked arteries.", "hypothesis": "A decreased propensity for blocked arteries is correlated with low levels of folic acid is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12970, "premise": "Restaurant manager: In response to requests from our customers for a children' s menu, we recently introduced three different options designed for kids: a grilled cheese sandwich with fries, chicken tenders with onion rings, and a hot dog with potato chips. The first two are frequently ordered, but no one orders the hot dog, although it costs less than the other two. Clearly, then, the children who eat here prefer not to eat hot dogs.", "hypothesis": "Treating one of several plausible explanations of a phenomenon as the only possible explanation is an error of reasoning in the restaurant manager's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8601, "premise": "False correlation means that causality is inferred between two events without causality based on some other unseen factors (potential variables), resulting in the illusion that the two events are related. However, this connection can not be confirmed by objective experiments.", "hypothesis": "The magnitude of inertia and the nuclear load of the car is not a false correlation according to the definition in the previous statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5353, "premise": "Team spirit refers to the willingness and style of team members to cooperate with each other and do their best for the interests and goals of the team. The root of the strong competitiveness of a high-performance team lies not in the excellence of its members' individual capabilities, but in the strength of the overall joint force of its members. The team spirit plays a key role.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, team spirit is cohesive and willing to sacrifice for the benefit of the team.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13696, "premise": "Philosopher: People are not intellectually well suited to live in large bureaucratic societies. Ttherefore, people can find happiness, if at all, only in smaller political units such as villages.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the philosopher's argument is flawed because the argument takes for granted that no one can ever be happy living in a society in which she or he is not intellectually well suited to live.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3175, "premise": "It is incorrect to say that the elderly over 60 are not interested in the entertainment program super girls. A recent survey report of a college shows that 83% of the 3500 elderly who sent back the questionnaire say they like watching super girls very much.", "hypothesis": "Most of the elderly who sent back the questionnaire liked other entertainment programs at the same time weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3771, "premise": "Obtaining bail pending trial refers to a compulsory measure in which the people's court, the people's procuratorate and the public security organ order the defendant to provide a guarantor, who guarantees that the defendant will not evade or hinder the investigation and is available on call.", "hypothesis": "Obtaining bail pending trial is not applicable to the case of Ma who was sentenced to prison for fraud and then transferred to a hospital for treatment.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8587, "premise": "The last two sentences of Li Bai's Singing on the river said: Fame and wealth exist for a long time, and the Han Water should also flow to the northwest. The Han Water, also known as the Han River, originated in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi Province, flowing southeast through Xiangyang, Hubei Province, to Hankou and into the Yangtze River.", "hypothesis": "Fame and wealth cannot always be there is most in line with Li Bai's point of view according to the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 22, "premise": "A country loses excessive topsoil and needs to import more food, which increases the pressure on the soil of other countries; a country's air pollution has caused neighboring countries to be harmed by acid rain; excessive carbon dioxide emissions have caused global warming and sea level rising. It can endanger all countries and regions.", "hypothesis": "The main points of the above can be best summarized as the problem of environmental pollution being a regional and international problem, and the need for all human beings to work together to solve it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10360, "premise": "The legislature is discussing a proposal to ban fishing in Huanglong Bay. Although the fishing ban will have a significant impact on the local economy, which is underpinned by the fishing industry, the proposal must also be implemented. Huanglong Bay is one of the areas with the highest level of water pollution. Recent studies have shown that 80% of the fish in Huanglong Bay contain toxins that exceed the national safety standards, and continued fishing will cause serious hazards to public health.", "hypothesis": "The principle of presumption of innocence is adopted on the basis that there is no evidence of guilt at present most accurately expresses the underlying principles on which the above argument is based.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7547, "premise": "Most Chinese people grew up in criticism and reprimand. Parents, teachers, elders, leaders... See what you are not pleasing to the eye, they can give advice. Some words are not pleasant to hear, but the listener listened to most believe, feel grateful,because everyone thinks that honest advice sounds unpleasant, but it is helpful to correct shortcomings and mistakes. However, honest advice is not necessarily faithful. There is a kind of phone scam that appears in a very vicious way. On the phone They just want to criticize you, threaten you, and scare you.Once you are afraid in your heart, you will listen to them; and if you listen to them, you will be fooled.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, some honest advice may not be good advice can be introduced.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14506, "premise": "Drivers in the country of Holston want highway tolls eliminated. The cost of maintaining the highways is paid entirely out of revenue from the highway tolls. Holston must maintain its highways. Thus, it follows that if the tolls are eliminated, then the entire cost of maintaining the highways will have to be paid for by an increase in general taxes.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the amount of money saved by eliminating the costs associated with toll collection would not be available to pay part of the total cost of maintaining the highways is made by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6962, "premise": "Generally speaking, the more scientific and technological achievements that can directly produce economic benefits, the more incentives should be provided by the beneficiary economic organizations; the more they can produce huge social benefits and long-term, public-spirited scientific and technological achievements, the more incentives should be provided by the government. This principle is in line with the actual situation of many countries in the world.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that the incentive should be borne by the appropriate subject.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5259, "premise": "Flexible leadership refers to the leadership behavior that relies on the leader's non-power influence and adopts the way of non-compulsory command to produce a potential persuasion in people's minds to make them obey and identify consciously, so as to turn the will of the organization into people's conscious action.", "hypothesis": "As a model of teaching and educating people, Xiao Zhang has become the idol of all teachers is a flexible leader according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13981, "premise": "P: Because an elected official needs the support of a political party to be effective, the independent candidate for the legislature cannot possibly be an effective legislator is she wins. Q: I disagree. By your reasoning, our current legislator, who has the support of a political party, ought to have been effective, but he has not been.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"It mistakenly interprets P to be claiming that a factor assures, rather than is necessary for, a legislator's effectiveness\" is the best criticism of Q's statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7735, "premise": "A highway management office decided to recruit 10 auxiliary road managers to solve the problem of shortage of formal managers, but this proposal aroused opposition from some people. The person believes that with the addition of these 10 road auxiliary managers, there will be more road violations and disciplinary violations will be found, and more formal managers will be needed to deal with these problems in the later stage. this will lead to a shortage of already tense formal managers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The increase of road auxiliary managers will effectively reduce the occurrence of road violations and disciplinary violations on this section of the road' will most weaken that person's point of view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4074, "premise": "The right to privacy is the right of individuals to keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential and not to be illegally informed, in order to protect their reputation and image without violating the law.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"A married official does not recognize the right to have an extramarital affair with a woman to the news media\" is not related to the right to privacy. The right to privacy is the right to be free from unreasonable intrusions into one's personal life or affairs. It may include the right to be free from unwanted surveillance, the right to control the collection and use of personal information, and the right to have personal relationships and personal decisions remain private.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 839, "premise": "Money laundering refers to the act of laundering dirty money and legalizing illegal income, that is, the process of laundering dirty money such as in drug crimes, organized crimes of the underworld, smuggling crimes, terrorist crimes, etc., and converting them into legal property .", "hypothesis": "A company assisted a underworld organization to remit funds to an overseas head office is an option that does not belong to money laundering.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12978, "premise": "Fragments of charred antelope bone have recently been found at a million-year-old settlement of Homo erectus, an early human species. This discovery demonstrates that humans were making controlled use of fire to cook meat at a very early stage of their development.", "hypothesis": "The argument above makes the assumption that early human settlements can be identified by the presence of charred antelope bones.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3262, "premise": "The development of personal moral judgment ability goes through six stages: first, the stage of avoiding punishment and obeying authority or rules to avoid punishment; Second, the relative utilitarian orientation stage, the evaluation of good or bad behavior mainly depends on whether it is in line with their own interests; Third, seeking recognition orientation stage, obeying the traditional requirements, seeking everyone's appreciation and recognition; Fourthly, the stage of compliance with laws and regulations, obeying social norms and obeying legal authority; Fifth, the social legal orientation stage, values the effectiveness of the law, but thinks that the law can be changed according to the requirements of the majority of people; The sixth is the stage of universal ethical orientation, which holds that the behavior in line with the most general principles of human beings, such as justice, equality and dignity, is correct.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, if a person thinks that all employees of the company have participated in the dinner, so he should also participate in the dinner, the development stage of his personal moral judgment ability is the seeking recognition orientation stage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10947, "premise": "Paulsville and Longtown cannot both be included in the candidate' s itinerary of campaign stops. The candidate will make a stop in Paulsville unless Salisbury is made part of the itinerary. Unfortunately, a stop in Salisbury is out of the question. Clearly, then, a stop in Longtown can be ruled out.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument above most closely parallels that in the argument in which Tom will definitely support Parker if Mendoza does not apply; and Tom will not support both Parker and Chung. Since, as it turns out, Mendoza will not apply, it follows that Chung will not get Tom's support.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14491, "premise": "A prominent investor who holds a large stake in the Burton Tool Company has recently claimed that <b> the company is mismanaged </b>, citing as evidence the company' s failure to slow production in response to a recent rise in its inventory of finished products. It is doubtful whether an investor' s sniping at management can ever be anything other than counterproductive, <b> but in this case it is clearly not justified </b>. It is true that an increased inventory of finished products often indicates that production is outstripping demand, but in Burton' s case it indicates no such thing. Rather, the increase in inventory is entirely attributable to products that have already been assigned to orders received from customers.", "hypothesis": "The first states the position that the argument as a whole opposes; the second states the conclusion of the argument as a whole is the role played by the two boldfaced portions in the given argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12733, "premise": "Automobile-emission standards are enforced through annual inspection. At those inspections cars are tested while idling; that is, standing still with their engines running. Testing devices measure the levels of various pollutants as exhaust gases leave the tail pipe.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The adjustments needed to make a car idle cleanly make it likely that the car will emit high levels of pollutants when moving at highway speeds' most strongly indicates that current enforcement of automobile emission standards might be ineffective in controlling overall pollutant levels.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11059, "premise": "Salespeople always steer customers toward products from which they make their highest commissions, and all salespeople in major health stores work on commission. Hence, when you buy vitamin supplements in a major health store, you can be sure that the claims the salespeople make about the quality of the products are inaccurate.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the argument relies on the claims of an authority on a topic outside that authority's area of expertise.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2697, "premise": "If a man works only for himself, he may become a famous scholar, a great philosopher and an outstanding poet, but he can never become a flawless great man. If we choose the profession that works best for the welfare of mankind, then the burden cannot overwhelm us, for I am giving my life for all; then what we feel is not poor, limited, selfish pleasure, our happiness will belong to millions of people, our cause will be silent, but it will last forever, and the noble people will shed tears in the face of our ashes.", "hypothesis": "If we choose the profession that works best for the welfare of mankind, we cannot become famous scholars, great philosophers, outstanding poets, and flawless great people. This can be obtained according to the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9472, "premise": "A survey by the World Health Organization pointed out that sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking, and long-term consumption of foods with high sugar content will significantly shorten people's lifespan. In recent years, Chinese consumption of sugar has remained high, especially among children. According to survey data, 10 years ago, children in my country drank 715 ml of beverages per day, which has doubled 10 years later. Most beverages currently on the market contain 8% to 11% sugar, and a 500ml bottle of beverage contains between 40g and 55g of sugar. Medical experts recommend that the daily intake of added sugars for adults should not exceed 50 grams, preferably less than 25 grams. Children should not consume more than 25 grams of added sugars per day. However, the amount of added sugar in just 1 drink already exceeds the bottom line of recommended values. As everyone knows, while we are feasting and eating sugar, sugar is quietly eating our health.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this text is 'Sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 256, "premise": "Action thinking is also called intuitive action thinking. Its basic characteristic is that thinking and action are inseparable, and one cannot think without action. The task or topic of action thinking is related to the object that is directly perceived at present, and the way of thinking to solve the problem is not based on appearances and concepts, but based on current perceptions and actual operations.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, gorilla piles up wooden boxes to get things from high places cannot be considered action thinking.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2141, "premise": "The two-dimensional code is to record the symbolic information of the data on the black-and-white graphics distributed in the plane according to a certain rule with a certain geometric figure. In the compilation of the code, the concept of 01 bit stream is used to represent the text numerical information with several geometric shapes corresponding to the binary system, and the information is automatically read by the image input device or the photoelectric scanning device to realize the automatic processing of the information. The number of bits that a QR code can represent is fixed. The more information it contains, the less redundancy it will have: conversely, the greater the redundancy.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, QR codes contain a large amount of information, which means that redundancy needs to be minimized when coding does not match the meaning of the QR code.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12623, "premise": "Scientist: The FDA is yet to weigh in on the effects of electronic cigarettes on long-term health. Electronic cigarettes heat up a liquid and produce the vapor inhaled by the user. The liquid consists of vegetable glycerin and propylene glycerol at varying ratios. Artificial flavoring is also added to the liquid. Although the FDA has approved vegetable glycerin, propylene glycerol, and artificial flavors for consumption, little is known about the effects of consuming their vapors. However, electronic cigarettes do not produce tar, which is one of the most dangerous chemicals in tobacco cigarettes.", "hypothesis": "Electronic cigarettes are promising alternatives to tobacco since the former does not produce tar, which most accurately expresses the scientist's main point.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1870, "premise": "In the Internet age, individual intellectuals felt aggrieved when they were attacked because of public expression, and they often mentioned the knowledge basis of their claims in the process of self-defense. In the process of interacting with the public, they rely solely on intellectual authority. As we all know, a public platform such as the Internet is not a single field of academic communication, and the praise and criticism of an opinion depends not only on its distance from academic authority, but also factors such as public sentiment and historical tradition.If the social elite blindly step on emptiness, it is bound to be farther and farther away from the people.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that social elites should identify with the feelings of the public and follow the historical tradition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8083, "premise": "Predictive intervention means that people are influenced by predicted information to take a certain behavior, resulting in a multi-possible outcome that actually develops in the direction indicated by the prediction.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the prediction that H stock would rise sharply and the subsequent increase in stock purchases is an example of a predictive intervention.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15145, "premise": "Psychologists have found that candidates for top political offices who blink excessively during televised debates are judged by viewers to have done less well than competing candidates who exhibit average blink rates. Any impact this phenomenon has on election results is surely deleterious: Many features -- knowledgeableness, confidence, and so forth -- contribute to a political official' s ability to perform well in office, but having an average blink rate is certainly not such a feature.", "hypothesis": "Excessive blinking has been shown to be a mostly reliable indicator of a lack of confidence, which if true, most weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 55, "premise": "Sensation: Refers to the reflection of the individual attributes of the human brain on the objective things that directly act on the sensory organs.", "hypothesis": "A person lying on the bed, but feels like he is being carried away in a sedan chair, like a feeling of bumps is a sensation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10124, "premise": "Since the existence of the emperor, the official history of China has been the diary of the emperor's own family, which is the standard image of the emperor, from which it is not difficult to see the true form of the emperor. In order to understand the true face of the emperor, we must also read wild history, which is a portrayal of the emperor's life.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis on which the above argument depends is that only by combining official history with wild history can we see the true face of the emperor.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13422, "premise": "Recently discovered bird fossils are about 20 million years older than the fossils of the birdlike dinosaurs from which the birds are generally claimed to have descended. So these newly discovered fossils show, contrary to the account espoused by most paleontologists, that no bird descended from any dinosaur.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because it attacks the adherents of the opposing view personally instead of addressing any reason for their view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2910, "premise": "All of Mr. Sun's friends claimed that they knew that someone had smoked at least two packs of cigarettes a day for 40 years, but he had been in good health, but what is certain is that Mr. Sun did not know that there was such a person among his friends. There are also people who don't know like Mr. Sun.", "hypothesis": "Every smoker known by Mr. Sun's friends must not be the same person is most likely to be derived based on the above information.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4627, "premise": "A college recently conducted a survey on whether scholarships can promote learning efficiency. The survey content includes three indicators: attendance rate of self-study, average time required to complete homework, and average daily reading volume. The results show that scholarship students The learning efficiency is 25% higher than those of the students who have not received the scholarship. It is concluded that the role of the scholarship in helping students to improve the learning efficiency is very obvious.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The research on the relationship between learning efficiency and the amount of scholarship should adopt quantitative methods' can weaken the above conclusion the most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5368, "premise": "Compensation of competence refers to the mutual substitution and compensation of different competences of the same individual or among members of the organization, so as to maintain or maintain the normal progress of activities. Among them, radiation compensation refers to the phenomenon that the superior ability effectively strengthens the mutual connection between various abilities or drives the improvement of other abilities at the same time. Amplified compensation refers to the high development of superior capabilities, which effectively compensates for some weak capabilities.", "hypothesis": "Radiation compensation is applied to the offensive strength of Ding Guo's table tennis players.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3487, "premise": "If you want your children to grow taller, parents must hug them often, because children who cannot feel loved by others have less growth hormone secretion.", "hypothesis": "Some people's psychological feelings will affect their own physical changes can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10503, "premise": "This year, Tai Fung, a subsidiary of Huatai Group, set a new annual sales record. This is surprising because Tai Fung's potential market is the smallest and it has always been the lowest sales division of all Huatai Group's subsidiaries.", "hypothesis": "Whether the sales of each branch has set an annual sales record is only the result of the company's self-comparison, and there is no need to compare with other branches points out the problems with the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14151, "premise": "A construction project has been tasked with building a four-lane road from a remote mountain fortress to a major expressway lying at the base of the mountain. The slope leading to the mountain fortress is so precipitous that the only conceivable way to carry out the project is by building the road downhill, since construction equipment is able to move down, but not up, the steep terrain. The foreman has devised the following solution: dismantle each construction vehicle and tie a part upon the back of a donkey, an animal capable of making the steep ascent. The foreman has at his disposal more than 100 donkeys, each of which is capable of making multiple trips up the mountain.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Whether the weakest donkey is able to transport the heaviest piece of equipment' is most important for the success of the foreman's plan.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4637, "premise": "Empathy refers to the ability to understand others' emotions and thoughts, understand others' positions and feelings, and think and deal with problems from the perspective of others in the process of interpersonal communication.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, things I forget, my heart has no side heron does not belong to empathy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5403, "premise": "When birds face survival pressures such as habitat destruction, threat of natural enemies and environmental pollution, they will secrete a hormone called cortisol. Therefore, birds often under survival pressure will have sparse feathers.", "hypothesis": "Cortisol can affect the growth and metabolism of bird feathers can support the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12169, "premise": "Anatomical bilateral symmetry is a common trait. It follows, ttherefore, that it confers survival advantages on organisms. After all, if bilateral symmetry did not confer such advantages, it would not be common.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to the pattern of reasoning in the argument 'If Powell lacked superior negotiating skills, she would not have been appointed arbitrator in this case. As everyone knows, she is the appointed arbitrator, so her negotiating skills are, detractors notwithstanding, bound to be superior.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 617, "premise": "Wu Mazi said to Mozi: I can't love both. I love my family more than the people in my hometown, my parents more than my family, and I love myself more than my parents. This is because I am close to me. If you hit me, I will hurt others, but it won't hurt me, so I will only kill others for my benefit. Mozi asked: will you tell others this righteousness? Wu Mazi replied: why should I hide? I will tell others. Mozi said: since you are like this, if someone likes your idea, then this person will kill you for his own benefit. If someone doesn't like your idea, he will also kill you, because he thinks you are a person who spreads ominous words", "hypothesis": "Wu Mazi must admit that her point of view is wrong can be inferred from the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7195, "premise": "Continuous exposure to indoor fluorescent lamps is beneficial to the health of hamsters with congenital heart disease. The average life span of a group of hamsters exposed to continuous exposure to fluorescent lamps is 25% longer than that of another group of hamsters of the same species but living in the dark.", "hypothesis": "The question 'Can hospital phototherapy be proved to promote the rehabilitation of patients?' is best answered by the research method described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11393, "premise": "A study of kindergarten students has shown that children from households that own many books, an average of 54 books, show average or high reading achievement levels, while the households of children with lower reading achievement levels tend to own fewer books, 5 books on average.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'When children have books of their own, they develop more advanced reading skills because adults are more likely to read to them regularly' would strengthen the assertion that parents who don't buy children's books to keep in the home cause their children to fall behind their peers in reading skills.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6011, "premise": "One time on a steamer, Xiao Li suddenly found that his bag was missing. Looking ahead, a man was walking with his bag. After catching up with him, the man politely apologized to him for taking the wrong bag and then went on walking. At this time a policeman charged at the man and said he was a thief.", "hypothesis": "The man is a thief because he took Xiao Li's bag is the correct option.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3582, "premise": "A robbery occurred in a school. The Public Security Bureau arrested four suspects A, B, C, and D. When interrogating them, A said: I did not do it. B said: D did it. C said: It was B D said: I did not do it.", "hypothesis": "A did the robbery because only one of these four told the truth.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9543, "premise": "The researchers used X-rays to take images of rhesus monkeys making various sounds as they ate, yawned and yelled at each other. The results show that macaques can easily make many different sounds, including the five most basic vowels in the English alphabet. The researchers speculate that rhesus monkeys cannot speak thousands of words and complete sentences because their brains are different from those of humans.", "hypothesis": "If true, using a computer to simulate macaques to speak complete sentences, with each word being relatively clear and not difficult to understand, best supports the above researchers' conjecture.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10741, "premise": "Poor nutrition is at the root of the violent behavior of many young offenders. Researchers observed that in a certain institution for young offenders, the violent inmates among them consistently chose, from the food available, those items that were low in nutrients. In a subsequent experiment, some of the violent inmates were placed on a diet high in nutrients. There was a steady improvement in their behavior over the four months of the experiment. These results confirm the link between poor nutrition and violent behavior.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The violent inmates in the institution who were not placed on a high-nutrient diet did not show an improvement in behavior' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9283, "premise": "In the Life of reflection, Nozick wrote: I will not, like Socrates, say that life without reflection is not worth living-it is too harsh. But if our life is guided by thoughtful reflection, then it is the life we live for ourselves, not someone else's. In this sense, life without reflection is an incomplete life. ", "hypothesis": "Nozick believes that only a life that lives for oneself is a complete life cannot be derived from Nozick's statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6150, "premise": "Since the first permanent pacemaker was implanted in the human body in 1958, manufacturers of implantable medical devices have been continuously researching various methods to provide electrical energy to their products. Non-rechargeable lithium batteries are currently more common. In transplantation equipment for heart disease and neurogenic diseases, non-rechargeable lithium batteries can generally be used for 7 to 10 years, and they are already relatively longevity. Researchers believe that unless breakthroughs are made in the field of bio-batteries, implantable devices will never work permanently and reliably.", "hypothesis": "This text is meant to explain that power supply capacity is currently the bottleneck of implantable devices.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10979, "premise": "An undergraduate degree is necessary for appointment to the executive board. Further, no one with a felony conviction can be appointed to the board. Thus, Manu, an accountant with both a bachelor' s and a master' s degree, cannot be accepted for the position of Executive Administrator, since he has a felony conviction.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that only candidates eligible for appointment to the executive board can be accepted for the position of Executive Administrator is necessary for the argument's conclusion to follow logically.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5218, "premise": "Lyme disease, like many other zoonosis. It is transmitted by insects that carry the pathogen by sucking the blood of vertebrate hosts. Scientists have long thought that population density of white-footed deer is the best predictor of Lyme disease. However, a 13-year study of the ecological determinants of Lyme disease in a Lyme disease-prone area of southeast New York disproved this view, because in years of high Lyme disease incidence, populations of white-footed deer are generally lower than in years when the incidence of Lyme disease is low.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the white-footed deer population will not decrease significantly before the Lyme disease outbreak underlies the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2082, "premise": "Because the Bird's Nest is different from other buildings, the rickety column structure, the intersection line is very complex, and the requirement and difficulty of welding technology are very high. The welders who have been trained to select the best not only completed the task on time and efficiently, but also engraved their names on the edge of each weld in the Bird's Nest. In the words of managers, let countless ordinary welders leave their own trace in this high-profile Olympic project-the public may not have a chance to see it, but it will never go away.", "hypothesis": "The most appropriate understanding of the passage is that ordinary welders leave their own marks in the Olympic project.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7202, "premise": "By deciphering the enemy's password, we have already known that banana, apple and pear means secret attack on Wednesday, apple, sugar cane and peach means implementation of secret plan, and Guangdong orange, banana and tomato means victory on Wednesday belongs to us.", "hypothesis": "The meaning of pear is Implementation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9448, "premise": "At around 37\u00b0C, the human body is able to use minimal power to maintain a balance of body needs. That is to say, humans can achieve maximum mobility by acquiring a small amount of energy at 37\u00b0C. Therefore, for more than a century, 37 \u2103 has been regarded as the body temperature standard for human health. However, a recent study revealed that in the past century, human body temperature has been getting lower and lower under normal conditions, about 0.03 \u2103 every 10 years.", "hypothesis": "The progress of modern medicine has reduced the frequency of human disease, and the inflammatory response has gradually decreased least supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6034, "premise": "Xia Yan, Xiao Jia and Zheng Wei three students to travel together, in order to take pictures convenient, each person is taking the student's camera, back is another classmate's bag.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Jia is carrying Zheng Wei's bag is correct if the person carrying Zheng Wei's bag is holding Xiao Jia's camera.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13111, "premise": "Press release: A comprehensive review evaluating the medical studies done up to the present time has found no reason to think that drinking coffee in normal amounts harms the coffee-drinker' s heart. So coffee drinkers can relax and enjoy their beverage -- it is safe to drink coffee.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Coffee drinkers might choose to eat, along with their coffee, foods containing substances that harm the heart' points to a weakness in the reasoning in the press release's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14237, "premise": "Teresa: If their goal is to maximize profits, film studios should concentrate on producing bigbudget films rather than small-budget ones. For, unlike big-budget films, small-budget films never attract mass audiences. While small-budget films are less expensive to produce and, hence, involve less risk of unprofitability than big-budget films, low production costs do not guarantee the highest possible profits.", "hypothesis": "A film studio will not maximize its profits unless at least some of its films attract mass audiences is an assumption required by Teresa's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2196, "premise": "Cultural anxiety refers to the psychological state of confusion, anxiety, disappointment and lack of self-confidence caused by the squeeze of traditional culture by foreign culture in the process of globalization and modernization.", "hypothesis": "Many historical and cultural heritages and cultural landscapes continue to disappear with the transformation of the old city in full swing, which is deeply worried by more and more people of insight is not the cultural anxiety.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3550, "premise": "Traffic accident crime: Refers to the act of violating traffic management laws and regulations, resulting in a major accident, causing serious injury, death, or causing major losses to public and private property.", "hypothesis": "A crime involving a branch company driver speeding on a bend and causing the death of 18 passengers cannot be classified as a traffic accident crime.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "Critics have no reason to assume that the failure of some farms is not caused by the quality of their soil properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 423, "premise": "A study shows that in the general population, people who sleep less than 4 hours a night have a higher risk of obesity than those who sleep 7 to 9 hours a night, while those who sleep only 5 hours a day have a 50% higher risk. Therefore, the researchers conclude that lack of sleep is easy to make people obese.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People who are lack of sleep have the same eating and exercise habits as those who sleep 7 to 9 hours a night' best supports the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6256, "premise": "Forest is the cradle of human civilization and the ecological factor that directly affects whether human beings can survive. Forests absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen, so as to balance the proportion of atmospheric carbon dioxide. It is estimated that forests and plants in the world produce 400 billion oxygen every year. Forests are rainmakers, which not only affect precipitation, but also slow down soil erosion on hillsides.", "hypothesis": "The argument that forest is an important part of human living environment is supported by the above paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2399, "premise": "If Xiao Zhang goes to Xinjiang this summer, he must visit Turpan and Kanas, otherwise he will not go; only if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang will visit Turpan or Tianchi; if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang must make an agreement with Xiao Li; if Xiao Zhang makes an agreement with Xiao Li, Xiao Li must have time this summer. Unfortunately, Xiao Li's unit received an urgent task this summer. No one can ask for leave and Xiao Li is no exception.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang didn't go to Xinjiang this summer can be inferred from the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14210, "premise": "In the United States, of the people who moved from one state to another when they retired, the percentage who retired to Florida has decreased by three percentage points over the past ten years. Since many local businesses in Florida cater to retirees, this decline is likely to have a noticeably negative economic effect on these businesses.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The total number of people who retired and moved to another state for their retirement has increased significantly over the past ten years' most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 672, "premise": "Rationalization: it refers to the phenomenon that people will come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after setbacks.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Zhang lost all his face because of the scandal and didn't go away does not belong to this category.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6011, "premise": "One time on a steamer, Xiao Li suddenly found that his bag was missing. Looking ahead, a man was walking with his bag. After catching up with him, the man politely apologized to him for taking the wrong bag and then went on walking. At this time a policeman charged at the man and said he was a thief.", "hypothesis": "The man was a thief because he didn't look for his bag is the correct option.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6580, "premise": "Ding Lei raises pigs, Liu Chuanzhi sells aquatic products and Liu Qiangdong grows rice. Nowadays, the IT industry elites are returning to the fields with armour one after another. While continuing to strengthen the information industry, they are investing heavily in agriculture. From the most cutting-edge electronic technology to the most traditional farming and farming, it seems to others that this is irrelevant, but in the face of Chinese agriculture, which is small in scale, low in organization and weak in science and technology. Behind the proud sons of the IT industry, watching the wheat field, they set their sights on its future development potential.", "hypothesis": "The main indication of this passage is that there are bright prospects for the development of agriculture in China.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13807, "premise": "Novelists cannot become great as long as they remain in academia. Powers of observation and analysis, which schools successfully hone, are useful to the novelist, but an intuitive grasp of the emotions of everyday life can be obtained only by the kind of immersion in everyday life that is precluded by being an academic.", "hypothesis": "An assumption on which the argument depends is that novelists cannot be great without an intuitive grasp of the emotions of everyday life.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6956, "premise": "Japanese scientists have found that there is a special protein HP. HP in the blood of hibernating animals such as American squirrels, which can only be found in hibernating animals and appears at the same time as hibernation. This shows that HP plays an important role in hibernation. So, can we also find a phenomenon similar to hibernation in human beings, and is it possible for human beings to hibernate? The answer is yes. People also have hypothermia and slower heartbeat during sleep, which is similar to hibernation in nature. The hibernation of large bears makes it possible for humans to hibernate. If we take HP as a clue, we may be able to re-recognize the hibernation of bears. Once the genes that control bear hibernation are deciphered, human hibernation is not impossible.", "hypothesis": "HP cannot be found in non-hibernating animals, and its occurrence cycle is the same as that of hibernating animals is not supported by this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8023, "premise": "Although the evolutionary history of chimpanzees and humans is about 99.5% common, most thinkers regard chimpanzees as monsters that have nothing to do with humans and regard themselves as the master of all things. For an evolutionist, this is by no means the case. There is no objective basis for believing that one species is superior to another. Chimpanzees and humans, lizards and fungi have evolved through 3 billion years of so-called natural selection.", "hypothesis": "The evolutionary history of chimpanzees is actually very similar to that of humans is intended to be clarified in this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10622, "premise": "In a recent study, one group of participants watched video recordings of themselves running on treadmills, and a second group watched recordings of other people running on treadmills. When contacted later, participants in the first group reported exercising, on average, 1 hour longer each day than did the other participants. This shows that watching a recording of yourself exercising can motivate you to exercise more.", "hypothesis": "In another study, people who watched recordings of themselves lifting weights exercised for more time each day than did people who watched recordings of themselves running, which weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "The critic's rebuttal is beside the point, because scientists aim to show that something can happen, but it has nothing to do with whether the subject is representative or not properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14715, "premise": "If the prosecutor wanted to charge Frank with embezzlement, then Frank would already have been indicted. But Frank has not been indicted. So clearly Frank is not an embezzler.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning exhibited by the statement 'If Makoto believed that he left the oven on, he would rush home. But Makoto is still at work. So obviously he did not leave the oven on' is most similar to that exhibited by the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5353, "premise": "Team spirit refers to the willingness and style of team members to cooperate with each other and do their best for the interests and goals of the team. The root of the strong competitiveness of a high-performance team lies not in the excellence of its members' individual capabilities, but in the strength of the overall joint force of its members. The team spirit plays a key role.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, team spirit is Glue that sticks each member together.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5436, "premise": "Opportunity cost refers to the income that can be generated when people give up for other purposes when they fix a resource for a certain purpose.", "hypothesis": "Zhang's annual salary was 30,000 yuan. After resigning, he planted flowers and sold them at home is not an opportunity cost according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4745, "premise": "The greater the power of the incandescent bulb, the brighter the light. The power of a 100-watt incandescent bulb is higher than the power of a 15-watt incandescent bulb. Therefore, a 100-watt incandescent bulb is brighter than a 15-watt incandescent bulb.", "hypothesis": "The most similar reasoning to the above is \"The larger the area of a house, the higher the total price. Zhang's house is larger than the Li's in the same building. Therefore, Zhang's house is more expensive than Li's house.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10787, "premise": "Columnist: It is sometimes claimed that the only factors relevant to determining moral guilt or innocence are the intentions of the person performing an action. However, external circumstances often play a crucial role in our moral judgment of an action. For example, a cook at a restaurant who absentmindedly put an ingredient in the stew that is not usually in the stew would ordinarily be regarded as forgetful, not immoral. If, however, someone eating at the restaurant happens to be severely allergic to that ingredient, eats the stew, and dies, many people would judge the cook to be guilty of serious moral negligence.", "hypothesis": "The proposition 'People are sometimes held morally blameworthy as a result of circumstances some of which were outside their intentional control' is best illustrated by the columnist's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7873, "premise": "Faith, belief and confidence are all important at all times. For a person, a collective, a political party, a nation and a country, as long as they have faith, belief and confidence, they will become more and more frustrated and brave, otherwise they will be defeated and collapse without fighting.", "hypothesis": "Without faith, belief and confidence, we will defeat ourselves without fighting and collapse without fighting can be inferred from the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2584, "premise": "It is generally believed that children born to couples born far apart have higher IQ. Some data show that both husband and wife are locals, and the average IQ of their children is 102.45; couples are from different places in the province, and the average IQ of their children is 106.17;for those married in other provinces, the IQ of their children is as high as 109.35. Therefore, intermarriage in different places can improve the IQ of the next generation.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Those who can intermarry in different places have higher IQ and their own high IQ contribute to intermarriage\" weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3992, "premise": "A city holds a series of spring music festivals, one of which for the first time invited a well-known symphony orchestra to perform in the city, the city's well-known enthusiasts, very much looking forward to this. Given the orchestra's influence, organizers expect the two-day orchestra's event to be hard to find. But when the tickets started selling, they found that this was not the case.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The ticket price of the symphony orchestra is too high' best explains the situation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3231, "premise": "The phenomenon of Blaise paradox refers to the phenomenon that adding a section of a traffic network does not reduce the traffic delay, but increases the travel time of all travelers in the whole traffic network.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"City W has built two two-way four lane asphalt roads connecting the East, West and South to North of the city, and the traffic in the city is no longer as congested as before\" belongs to the phenomenon of Blaise paradox according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2969, "premise": "Professor Li, an education expert, pointed out that everyone should keep working hard in his life, otherwise it will be like the story of the tortoise and rabbit race. Running fast at one time can not guarantee to be ahead all the time. If you have a good foundation and can keep working hard, you will succeed earlier than others.", "hypothesis": "A temporary failure does not mean a permanent failure must be wrong if Professor Li's statement is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6781, "premise": "The ancients once said that when the hard teeth fall out, the soft tongue is still there. Softness is better than hardness, inaction is better than action.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of this passage is that we should keep a low profile in life.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5300, "premise": "The connotation of a concept is the common attribute of all elements of the object set reflected by the concept. It is formed with a high degree of contraction to reveal the connotation of a concept, just like drawing out a tape measure. The process of drawing out the tape measure can adopt a negative form under special circumstances.", "hypothesis": "The concept of non set does not reflect the object aggregate uses the negative form to reveal the connotation of different concepts according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2757, "premise": "Many people don't know themselves and don't try to know themselves. Such people may want to know others, but this desire must fail, because people who don't even know themselves can't know others. It can be concluded that if you want to understand others, you must first understand yourself.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning used in the above argument is valid is the most appropriate evaluation of the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3237, "premise": "After a TV variety show was broadcast, the program director claimed that the program reached the highest level of current similar programs, because the program's ratings are 2% higher than similar programs.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the quality of the show is not necessarily tied to ratings can best weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13415, "premise": "Archaeologists are currently analyzing plant remains found at a site that was last occupied more than 10, 000 years ago. If the plants were cultivated, then the people who occupied the site discovered agriculture thousands of years before any other people are known to have done so. On the other hand, if the plants were wild -- that is, uncultivated -- then the people who occupied the site ate a wider variety of wild plants than did any other people at the time.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"the people who occupied the site used some plants in ways that no other people did at that time\" is most strongly supported by the information given.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1252, "premise": "At present, the integration model represented by cultural science and technology, cultural finance and cultural creativity has been widely used. The main purpose of culture science and technology is to promote the transformation and application of high-tech achievements into the cultural field, and to strengthen the content support and creative promotion of culture to the information industry. Cultural finance focuses on guiding all kinds of social capital to invest in the field of culture, making use of the Internet financial model, and giving full play to the stimulating effect of financial innovation on cultural consumption. Cultural creativity takes culture as resources, creativity as the means, industry as the purpose, to develop cultural and creative industries, and to achieve deep integration with other industries at the same time.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Cross-path fusion' belongs to the form of culture integration trend in the above three contents.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12281, "premise": "Most people in the United States view neither big nor small business as particularly efficient or dynamic and regard both as providing consumers with fairly priced goods and services. However, most people consistently perceive small business as a force for good in society, whereas big business is perceived as socially responsible only in times of prosperity.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If small business were regarded as being more dynamic, it, too would receive strongly favorable ratings only in times of general prosperity' would provide the strongest support for the hypothesis discussed in the above statements.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1620, "premise": "Lu Xun's mastery of natural science knowledge is quite rich. This not only increases the critical power of his essays, but also greatly enhances the appeal. Lu Xun is very familiar with Entomology, so he can easily select appropriate insects to dissect them. Lu Xun pointed out in gossip at the end of spring This wasp is not only an ordinary murderer, but also a cruel murderer. It is also an anatomist with excellent knowledge and technology. It uses a poisonous needle to pincer the motor nerve ball of the green insect, anesthetizes it into a semi dead state, and then lays bee eggs on its coin to slowly hatch its children, which vividly reveals the high trick of the ruler to harm the people by fooling the people.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the quotation is to show that Lu Xun is good at vividly exposing the rulers' crimes of fooling and harming the people.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4498, "premise": "We-media refers to the  way and instant transmission methods that an ordinary citizen or organization that can access the Internet at any time, any place, and in any way, connect with the global knowledge system through modern digital technology, and provide or share their true views and their own news.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang emailed his Chinese style crossing the road to netizens does not involve We-media according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "The critic's rebuttal is beside the point, because scientists aim to show that something can happen, but it has nothing to do with whether the subject is representative or not properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3237, "premise": "After a TV variety show was broadcast, the program director claimed that the program reached the highest level of current similar programs, because the program's ratings are 2% higher than similar programs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The director's microblog had one hundred thousand comments critical of the show' can best weaken the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8518, "premise": "Questioning is actually the most basic scientific spirit. Previous results, conclusions and even widely confirmed and accepted theoretical systems need to be examined with skepticism. However, questioning is not the same as doubt, let alone a total negation. questioning is actually learning critically and accepting critically, and its purpose is to find loopholes, defects, imperfections, untested or inapplicable places in previous work. For example, Einstein questioned Newtonian mechanics and Newtonian theory of gravity, which led him to find that Newtonian mechanics and Newtonian theory of gravity are correct only in the case of low speed and weak gravitational field, otherwise it is necessary to use special relativity and general relativity.", "hypothesis": "The characteristics of questioning in this passage include its connotation and practical value.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13328, "premise": "The number of hospital emergency room visits by heroin users grew by more than 25 percent during the 1980s. Clearly, then, the use of heroin rose in that decade.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Widespread use of automatic weapons in the drug trade during the 1980s raised the incidence of physical injury to heroin users' would account for the statistic above without supporting the author's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6732, "premise": "The rescue policy of the United States is a remedial measure to maintain the normal operation of the economy after the bursting of the subprime financial bubble. In fact, the short-term depression of China's real estate market is blocked in the process of creating the real estate bubble. At this time, if the government is free to carry out the so-called bailout in finance, credit and other areas, it means that supporting the real estate industry can continue to inflate the bubble.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is China's real estate bubble will eventually burst.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8116, "premise": "Fair use refers to the non-commercial use of others' published works without the permission or payment of remuneration to the copyright owner under the circumstances expressly stipulated by law. Circumstances expressly prescribed by law mainly include :(1) using a published work of others for personal study, research or enjoyment; (2) Free performance of published works; (3) Copying, painting, photographing and video recording of artistic works set up or displayed in outdoor public places; (4) Translation of published works in Chinese into ethnic minority languages for publication and distribution.", "hypothesis": "Ding copying Geng's paper published in a journal for reference in writing his paper is fair use according to the above provisions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13240, "premise": "Ecologists predict that the incidence of malaria will increase if global warming continues or if the use of pesticides is not expanded. But the use of pesticides is known to contribute to global warming, so it is inevitable that we will see an increase in malaria in the years to come.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in which one of the following is most similar to that in the argument above is 'if deforestation continues at the current rate and the use of chemicals is not curtailed, wildlife species will continue to become extinct. But because of increasing population worldwide, it is inevitable that the current rate of deforestation will continue and that the use of chemicals will not be curtailed. Thus, wildlife species will continue to become extinct.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7406, "premise": "Seeking superiority: Refers to a person's effort to get rid of inferiority complex.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoli said that she would wear high heels when participating in a blind date to make herself look taller does not belong to seeking superiority.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6179, "premise": "At present, stealth fighters mainly rely on shape design and material surface coating to reduce their detectability and realize radar stealth. However, due to many limitations such as the level of existing technology and materials, the difficulty of fighter manufacturing, maneuverability, cost and follow-up costs, and the convenience of maintenance and support, stealth fighters have to make a certain balance in the above aspects. Therefore, it is generally impossible to achieve the so-called all-round stealth in all directions and all electromagnetic bands, especially when it performs special tasks and carries or mounts non stealth configurations exposed outside the body, its stealth ability will be greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above words is to describe the stealth principle of stealth fighter.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1051, "premise": "Since 2002, China's divorce rate has been rising all the way. Experts say that the reason for the rise of China's divorce rate cannot be simply explained as the bad social atmosphere. On the one hand, it is related to the low level of the original overall divorce rate. On the other hand, it is also related to the changes in all aspects of Chinese society, public opinion environment and social ideas.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Statistics show that the equal status of men and women and the awakening of personal self-consciousness are the main reasons for the rise of divorce rate in China' best supports the expert's view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13981, "premise": "P: Because an elected official needs the support of a political party to be effective, the independent candidate for the legislature cannot possibly be an effective legislator is she wins. Q: I disagree. By your reasoning, our current legislator, who has the support of a political party, ought to have been effective, but he has not been.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'It fails to prove a precise definition for a key term -- the word effective' is the best criticism of Q's statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7554, "premise": "Benchmarking effect: In a certain area, due to consumers' higher awareness of a certain brand, its price is often a lot higher than other similar products in the same area, and affects the price trend of similar products in the entire area.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The new smartwatch launched by a well-known brand is very popular. Although the price is high, it has repeatedly sold out. Smartwatches of other brands have lowered their prices and competed for market share' is an example of benchmarking effects.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3550, "premise": "Traffic accident crime: Refers to the act of violating traffic management laws and regulations, resulting in a major accident, causing serious injury, death, or causing major losses to public and private property.", "hypothesis": "A crime involving a car rental company driving a car with passengers at a high speed, resulting in passengers staggering and refusing to pay the fare, cannot be classified as a traffic accident crime.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9769, "premise": "If it is said that the painting Riverside Scene at Qingming Festival reflects the vulgar side of life in the Song Dynasty, Xiyuan Ya Collection is the symbol of elegance. Xiyuan Ya Ji, which was widely told in the Northern Song Dynasty, showed the banquet scenes of many literati at that time. Su Shi, Li Gonglin and Mi Fu gathered together to recite poems and lyrics, or to caress the piano and sing, or to meditate and ask Zen, forming a literati circle with Su Shi as the center. The painter Li Gonglin depicts the elegant collection in a realistic way, with a preface to rice, saying, the gurgling of water and stone, the swallowing of wind and bamboo, the square curl of furnace smoke, and the self-sweetness of vegetation. The joy of emptiness in the world, but so much. Xiyuan Ya Collection is a classic motif in the history of ancient painting, and many future generations of painters have copies or imitations, which is also a continuation of the spirit of the Song Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is the evaluation of the unique contribution of Xiyuan Ya Collection to the History of ancient Chinese painting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5519, "premise": "Parkinson's Law means that the administrative hierarchy will increase like a pyramid, the administrative staff will expand, and everyone is busy, but the organizational efficiency is getting lower and lower. The reason for this phenomenon is that an incompetent official usually appoints two people with lower levels as assistants, and the two assistants will find two more incompetent assistants for themselves, and so on, A bloated organization was formed", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A manager gives his subordinates enough time to complete a work. As a result, his subordinates not only make a mess of themselves, but also the whole department' can be explained by Parkinson's law according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12172, "premise": "Brochure: Help conserve our city' s water supply. By converting the landscaping in your yard to a water-conserving landscape, you can greatly reduce your outdoor water use. A water-conserving landscape is natural and attractive, and it also saves you money. Criticism: For most people with yards, the savings from converting to a water-conserving landscape cannot justify the expense of new landscaping, since typically the conversion would save less than twenty dollars on a homeowner' s yearly water bills.", "hypothesis": "A conventional landscape generally requires a much greater expenditure on fertilizer and herbicide than does a water-conserving landscape provides the best basis for a rebuttal of the criticism if true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 321, "premise": "The factory has conducted an investigation on the academic qualifications of skilled workers and found that the educational level of skilled workers who have newly entered the factory has been greatly improved in the past five years. Therefore, the overall quality of technical workers in the factory has been greatly improved.", "hypothesis": "Highly educated people will lead other colleagues to improve their quality cannot support the conclusion if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13802, "premise": "From a magazine article: Self-confidence is a dangerous virtue: it often degenerates into the vice of arrogance. The danger of arrogance is evident to all who care to look. How much more humane the twentieth century would have been without the arrogant self-confidence of a Hitler or a Stalin!", "hypothesis": "The author attempts to persuade by doing all of the following EXCEPT appealing to authority to substantiate an assertion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2063, "premise": "The predecessor of the Han nationality is basically Yan Emperor, and the two ethnic groups left by the Yellow Emperor are called Huaxia (some people think that Huaxia is a nation living in the Central Plains, Xia is a big country. There is etiquette to call it a great country; there is an article to call it China. Huaxia is the predecessor of the Han nationality. The concept of the Han nationality originated from the Wuhu Sixteen Kingdoms and was fixed later, so Huaxia is often used in the book to replace the Han nationality. The word China first comes from Yu Qizhai China by he Zun (unearthed in Baoji in the 1960 s) of the Zhou Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The correct understanding of China in the last sentence of the passage is Today's Chinese mainland.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7195, "premise": "Continuous exposure to indoor fluorescent lamps is beneficial to the health of hamsters with congenital heart disease. The average life span of a group of hamsters exposed to continuous exposure to fluorescent lamps is 25% longer than that of another group of hamsters of the same species but living in the dark.", "hypothesis": "The question 'What disease is hamster suffering from?' is best answered by the research method described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10705, "premise": "The population of songbirds throughout England has decreased in recent years. Many people explain this decrease as the result of an increase during the same period in the population of magpies, which eat the eggs and chicks of songbirds.", "hypothesis": "The population of magpies has increased because farmers no longer shoot or trap magpies to any great extent, though farmers still consider magpies to be pests argues most strongly against the explanation reported in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2095, "premise": "Role failure means that the role bearer has been proved to be unable to continue to assume or perform the rights and obligations of the role, and has to withdraw halfway and give up the original role. From the perspective of the result of role failure, there are usually two types, one is the role The bearer has to withdraw from the role halfway, and the other is that although it is still in a certain role position, its performance has been proved to be a failure in practice.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, dismissal of officials is not a role failure.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12467, "premise": "Developers of neighborhood Y are trying to lure potential homebuyers by offering a large discount on newly built homes. As a result, the homes in neighborhood Y are available for 20% less than comparably sized homes in neighborhood X. So unless potential homebuyers distrust the developers of neighborhood Y, neighborhood X is unlikely to attract many homebuyers because there are plenty of houses available in neighborhood Y.", "hypothesis": "Neighborhood X does not have any qualities or features that would induce some homebuyers to pay higher prices for homes in neighborhood X is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9566, "premise": "A newly opened north-south highway with six tunnels in the middle: Changchuan Tunnel, Damei Tunnel, Qingshan Peak Tunnel, Green Water Tunnel, Caishi Tunnel and Baiyu Tunnel. It is known that: (1) Baiyu Tunnel is in the north of Caishi Tunnel and is adjacent to Caishi Tunnel. Baiyu Tunnel is located in the south of Damei Tunnel but not adjacent to it. (2) there is a tunnel between Changchuan Tunnel and Qingshan Tunnel.", "hypothesis": "Changchuan Tunnel is not in the southernmost side based on the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13403, "premise": "NowNews, although still the most popular magazine covering cultural events in Kalopolis, has recently suffered a significant drop in advertising revenue because of falling circulation. Many readers have begun buying a competing magazine that, at 50 cents per copy, costs less than NowNews at $1. 50 per copy. In order to boost circulation and thus increase advertising revenue, NowNews's publisher has proposed making it available at no charge, but this proposal has a serious drawback, since __.", "hypothesis": "The newsstands and stores that currently sell NowNews will no longer carry it if it is being given away for free most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2485, "premise": "All those who came into contact with SARS patients were isolated. All the quarantined people have come into contact with Xiao Li.", "hypothesis": "If the above proposition is true, some people may not have been in contact with SARS patients, but they have been in contact with Xiao Li.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4610, "premise": "The world's per capita amount of fresh water is about 8,300 cubic meters, but two-thirds of it is lost in the form of floods every year, and the remaining one-third is drinking water and irrigation water. Due to industrialization and the increase in human water consumption, the current world water consumption has increased compared with 1990 It is nearly 10 times higher. The lack of fresh water in the future is one of the restrictive factors that constitute economic development and food production.", "hypothesis": "It can be seen that the statement \"The total population must be reduced to increase the amount of fresh water per capita\" is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10389, "premise": "A number of Chinese universities have held four job fairs in Toronto, New York, Boston and San Francisco. A survey of questionnaires conducted by Chinese students attending the job fairs shows that 67% of them want to return home to work, and 33% will seriously consider the option of returning home. It can be seen that working in the United States has lost its attraction to foreign students, and it has become a common practice for people to want to return home.", "hypothesis": "If the following statement is true, that 67% and 33% add up to 100%, which means zero people want to stay and work in North America, then this is the most powerful way to weaken the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7506, "premise": "Zhang San and Li Si learned that a total of teams A, B, C and D won medals in 15 events (expressed in ordinal numbers respectively). Among them, team A won medals in item 1, 4, and 12. Team B won medals in  item 2 , 4,7,8 and 11. Team C won medals in item 4, 5, 6,12,13. Team D won medals in  item 1 and  item 5. Wang Wu singled out one of the 15 events in which the four teams won the prize and told Li Si separately, while he told Zhang San the name of the team that won the medal in the event. Wang Wu finished talking to them respectively. Li Si said, I don't know which team won the medal in this event. When Zhang San heard this, he said, I know about that project. Li Si immediately said, I know that team, too.", "hypothesis": "Wang Wu can select Team B and project 4.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13821, "premise": "People with serious financial problems are so worried about money that they cannot be happy. Their misery makes everyone close to them -- family, friends, colleagues -- unhappy as well. Only if their financial problems are solved can they and those around them be happy.", "hypothesis": "If people are happy, they do not have serious financial problems can be properly inferred from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2188, "premise": "Usually, we are used to thinking that exercise is the key or even the most important factor in weight loss. But some experts point out that exercise is very healthy, but it doesn't really help you lose weight. When it comes to weight loss, legs are not equal to mouth control, which is actually more important than legs.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'Many people will slow down their pace and reduce their calorie consumption because of fatigue after exercise' can best support the views of the above experts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12422, "premise": "Economist: In today' s post-industrial economy, higher education is essential for achieving prosperity. Without a college degree or higher, citizens do not have access to the highest quartile of salaries, and only individuals earning salaries in this highest quartile have enough disposable income to buy real estate and invest in long term assets.", "hypothesis": "The argument assumes that prosperity has to include ownership of real estate or long term assets.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2712, "premise": "Linguists want to construct legal sentences based on non-meaningful words and meaningful words. It is known that: (1) non-meaningful words have a,b,c,d,e,f.There are meaningful words W,Z, X. (2) if two non-meaningful words are connected by a meaningful word, then they form a meaningful word: (3) if two meaningful words are directly connected, then they form a meaningful word: (4) if two meaningful words are connected by a non-meaningful word, then they form a legal sentence. (2) if two meaningful words are connected by a meaningful word, then they form a meaningful word; (3) if two meaningful words are directly connected, then they form a meaningful word: (4) if two meaningful words are connected by a non-meaningful word, then they form a legal sentence.", "hypothesis": "aZdacdfX is a legal statement based on the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15012, "premise": "The National Farm Administration (NFA) has been concerned over the last decade with the struggles of barley growers. Plan: In an effort to support these barley growers, two years ago, the NFA began a program of sending them, each autumn, a free special mix of fertilizer and enzymes designed to multiply barley yield, to be applied the following spring during first growth. This mix had been stunningly successful in multiplying the yield of barley in laboratory conditions. Results: Most barley growers reported little change in their economic status over this two year period.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The trucks that drove the special mix from the depot in Wisconsin to the individual farms sometime took as much as 4 or 5 days' does most to explain the result that followed the implementation of the plan.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3771, "premise": "Obtaining bail pending trial refers to a compulsory measure in which the people's court, the people's procuratorate and the public security organ order the defendant to provide a guarantor, who guarantees that the defendant will not evade or hinder the investigation and is available on call.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Dong's case is obtaining bail pending trial.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3615, "premise": "The effect of the national regulation and control policy on the real estate market is showing.  There is a marked increase in the number of cities where the price of  first-hand,second-hand housing has declined, indicating that under the action of a series of macro-control policies, house price growth has entered the slow lane. Thus, purchase restrictions and bank credit tightening have curbed both supply and demand in the real estate market.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Real estate investment trends are still strengthening' can best refute the above conclusion if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2444, "premise": "Li Qiang said: I know 100 people. None of the people I know are unemployed, so China's unemployment rate must be very low.", "hypothesis": "Most of Li Qiang's acquaintances are colleagues of his unit best refutes Li Qiang's reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4369, "premise": "Living gifts refer to the donation of money to children, grandchildren and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or to use it for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.", "hypothesis": "Chairman Li handed over 80% of his property and the entire group to his daughter, and then lived in the mountain village by himself is a living gift.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10362, "premise": "There are 6 pieces of blue and white porcelain: S, Y, M, Q, K, X. The age of each piece is different, and the exhibition is sorted from the earliest to the latest from left to right. The known conditions are as follows: (1) the age of M is earlier than that of X. (2) if the age of Y is earlier than that of M, then the age of Q is earlier than that of K and X. (3) if the age of M is earlier than that of Y, then the age of K is earlier than that of Q and X. (4) the age of S is either earlier than Y or M, and it can't have both.", "hypothesis": "The order of the exhibition is M, K, S, Q, Y, X.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13589, "premise": "Art Historian: Robbins cannot pass judgment on Stuart' s art. While Robbins understands the art of Stuart too well to dismiss it, she does not understand it well enough to praise it.", "hypothesis": "The art historian's argument depends on the assumption that if Robbins understands art well, she will praise it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11061, "premise": "It is an absurd idea that whatever artistic endeavor the government refuses to support it does not allow, as one can see by rephrasing the statement to read: No one is allowed to create art without a government subsidy.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in which the claim that any driver who is not arrested does not break the law is most similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 185, "premise": "Vacation syndrome refers to fatigue, insomnia and other symptoms that appear after long holidays or festivals, leading to anxiety, emptiness or easy anger, difficulty concentrating on work. It is the psychological discomfort that people can not withstand the pressure of work after a long period of leisure.", "hypothesis": "Jack having a great time during the Spring Festival but being absent-minded after returning to work is a vacation syndrome according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13946, "premise": "Consumer advocate: Tropical oils are high in saturated fats, which increase the risk of heart disease. Fortunately, in most prepared food tropical oils can be replaced by healthier alternatives without noticeably affecting taste. Ttherefore, intensive publicity about the disadvantage of tropical oils will be likely to result in dietary changes that will diminish many people' s risk of developing heart disease. Nutritionist: The major sources of saturated fat in the average North American diet are meat, poultry, and dairy products, not tropical oils. Thus, focusing attention on the health hazards of tropical oils would be counterproductive, because it would encourage people to believe that more substantial dietary changes are unnecessary.", "hypothesis": "Whether conducting a publicity campaign that, by focusing on the health hazards of tropical oils, persuades people to replace such oils with healthier alternatives is a good public-health strategy is a point at issue between the nutritionist and the consumer advocate.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 125, "premise": "Protein drugs, such as insulin, still have to be administered through a tedious subcutaneous injection procedure. If protein drugs are taken orally, they will be digested and cannot reach the target cells. However, some non-protein drugs contain chemical bonds that cannot be broken down by the digestive system.", "hypothesis": "The above statement most strongly supports the assertion that a study on the enzymes and bacteria present in the normal digestive system would benefit the users of protein drugs.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12182, "premise": "A certain airport security scanner designed to detect explosives in luggage will alert the scanner' s operator whenever the piece of luggage passing under the scanner contains an explosive. The scanner will erroneously alert the operator for only one percent of the pieces of luggage that contain no explosives. Thus in ninety-nine out of a hundred alerts explosives will actually be present.", "hypothesis": "The argument draws a general conclusion about reliability on the basis of a sample that is likely to be biased.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9029, "premise": "The arrangement of troops pays attention to shape and potential, which is described as the coordination of forces. The shape is a prepared proprietary medicine, which can be purchased and used directly in the drugstore; the potential is a prescription written by an experienced doctor for the patient, considering the dosage, increasing or decreasing the smell, and compatibility according to the severity of the illness.Dashing into battle also pays attention to shape and potential. Take boxing as an example, the shape is the boxer's height, weight and routines; the potential is Sanda and adapt according to the opponent's moves.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the characteristics of shape and potential mentioned above is that shape is visible, static and pre-set, while potential is invisible, dynamic and set by the enemy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9286, "premise": "Confucius knows the truth of diet and health very well. The Analects of Confucius Hsiang-tang lists many propositions of eating and not eating, such as not eating from time to time, which means not to eat out-of-season vegetables.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Diet not only nourishes the body, but also shapes the mind' is the assumption that the above explanation must rely on.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14274, "premise": "Salmonella is a food-borne microorganism that can cause intestinal illness. The illness is sometimes fatal, especially if not identified quickly and treated. Conventional Salmonella tests on food samples are slow and can miss unusual strains of the microorganism. A new test identifies the presence or absence of Salmonella by the one piece of genetic material common to all strains. Clearly, public health officials would be well advised to replace the previous Salmonella tests with the new test.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The level of skill required for laboratory technicians to perform the new test is higher than that required to perform previous tests for Salmonella' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12926, "premise": "Twelve healthy volunteers with the Apo-A-IV-1 gene and twelve healthy volunteers who instead have the Apo-A-IV-2 gene each consumed a standard diet supplemented daily by a high-cholesterol food. A high level of cholesterol in the blood is associated with an increased risk of heart disease. After three weeks, the blood cholesterol levels of the subjects in the second group were unchanged, whereas the blood cholesterol levels of those with the Apo-A-IV-1 gene rose 20 percent.", "hypothesis": "The presence of the Apo-A-IV-2 gene may inhibit the elevation of blood cholesterol is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5019, "premise": "All mobile phone displays that focus on portability features are not likely to be larger than 3.5 inches, while all mobile phone displays that focus on reading are larger than 35 inches. The S mobile phone has a 4-inch display.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above facts, S brand mobile phones are not easy to operate and carry.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3079, "premise": "The so-called beauty of small things is the sensitivity to such small things. Although they are small, they are willing to stay. Sometimes, villages, mountains and rivers, time-honored small town culture, old traditions and their existence are a reminder to urban people, reminding them not to go too fast. Being busy is death. Sun Li has a saying: The article is at the extreme, there is no other wonder, but just right; the character is at the extreme, there is no other difference, just natural. this is just the same as the original intention. Isn't it also a reminder for busy urban people who have lost their natural patience?", "hypothesis": "The beauty of micro objects reminds urban people not to be too busy is correct according to the above materials.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11433, "premise": "The introduction of symbols for numbers is an event lost in prehistory, but the earliest known number symbols, in the form of simple grooves and scratches on bones and stones, date back 20, 000 years or more. Nevertheless, since it was not until 5, 500 years ago that systematic methods for writing numerals were invented, it was only then that any sort of computation became possible.", "hypothesis": "Computation of any sort required a systematic method for writing numerals is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7732, "premise": "The new type of rural sage refers to the rural people who take root in the countryside for a long time, make use of their knowledge, technology and wealth to serve the villagers enthusiastically and make outstanding contributions, and have high prestige and influence in the local social life and the minds of the people.", "hypothesis": "Over the past 20 years, Mr. Sun, president of the Chamber of Commerce of a certain city, has made use of his long-term accumulated experience to connect villagers in his hometown who manage various agricultural and sideline products and guide them to look for business opportunities. He has been praised by the villagers as the intimate Zhuge Liang belongs to the new type of rural sage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3059, "premise": "Li said, I passed all the exams in all subjects this time and got my motor vehicle driver's license. If what Li said is not", "hypothesis": "Li failed in at least one subject is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4241, "premise": "Synthetic food pigment is made from aniline dye separated from coal tar, so it is also called coal tar pigment or aniline pigment, such as synthetic amaranth, tartrazine and ponceau 4R. Occasionally eating food added with a certain amount of synthetic food pigment will not cause poisoning, diarrhea and other reactions. Therefore, it is allowed that people can eat food added with a small amount of synthetic pigment.", "hypothesis": "Regular eating and occasional eating food containing synthetic pigments have different effects on the human body can best weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3992, "premise": "A city holds a series of spring music festivals, one of which for the first time invited a well-known symphony orchestra to perform in the city, the city's well-known enthusiasts, very much looking forward to this. Given the orchestra's influence, organizers expect the two-day orchestra's event to be hard to find. But when the tickets started selling, they found that this was not the case.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the symphony was not accepted by the majority of the people in the city best explains the situation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6048, "premise": "If we can understand the reality of us and the enemy in a comprehensive way, then how many battles will not be lost. This sentence also applies to interpersonal communication, a person only know themselves first, can understand others. Anyone can only trust someone who knows him well, including himself. Imagine how a person can be trusted if he doesn't know you at all.", "hypothesis": "If you don't know yourself, you won't be trusted by anyone can be inferred based on the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4857, "premise": "Seawater can be changed into fresh water by desalination technology, and the amount of seawater is extremely huge. Therefore, there is no need to save fresh water resources.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The total amount of water resources on the earth is constant' best challenges the above conclusions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4126, "premise": "Invalid civil act: refers to a civil act that has no legal binding force from the beginning. The following civil acts are invalid: (1) performed by a person without civil capacity; (2) a person with limited civil capacity cannot be independent in accordance with the law Implemented; (3) One party uses fraud, coercion or taking advantage of the danger to make the other party act contrary to the true meaning; (4) Malicious collusion, harming the interests of the state, collective or third party; (5) Violation Laws or social public interest; (6) Cover up illegal purposes in a legal form.", "hypothesis": "Three girls in a middle school have good musical talents. The band they form often wins prizes in various inter-school competitions. A record company verbally paid a lot of money and made them sign contracts without the consent of their parents. , Let them suspend school is an invalid civil act according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5914, "premise": "Whether the world's food demand can maintain a balance depends on the speed of population and economic growth. Population growth will lead to an increase in food intake; on the other hand, economic growth will promote an increase in the consumption of livestock products, change people's food structure, and thus affect the global Grain demand has an impact.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Population growth will affect global cereal demand' can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10758, "premise": "If cold fusion worked, it would provide almost limitless power from very inexpensive raw materials, materials far cheaper than coal or oil. But replacing all the traditional electric generators that use these fuels with cold-fusion power plants would result in a reduction of no more than 25 percent in the average residential electric bill.", "hypothesis": "Most electric companies would be willing to incorporate cold-fusion technology into their power plants would not help to resolve the apparent discrepancy between the predictions above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8795, "premise": "In the early days of its formation, the Earth was a rapidly rotating body in the state of lava, and most of the iron was in its core; some molten liquid was thrown from the surface of this rotating body, and later condensed to form the Moon.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion that the proportion of iron in the Moon's core is smaller than that in the Earth's core can support the view that the above theory about the origin of the Moon is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4921, "premise": "If the mercury content of sewage discharged into the river is too high, these Mercury will be absorbed by algae and other plankton in the river; When these plankton are eaten by fish, Mercury will accumulate in the fish. If people eat more of this fish, mercury poisoning will occur.", "hypothesis": "To eliminate mercury poisoning, dumping garbage into rivers must be prohibited is the answer to the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12440, "premise": "Scientists have modified feed corn genetically, increasing its resistance to insect pests. Farmers who tried out the genetically modified corn last season applied less insecticide to their corn fields and still got yields comparable to those they would have gotten with ordinary corn. Ordinary corn seed, however, costs less, and what these farmers saved on insecticide rarely exceeded their extra costs for seed. Ttherefore, for most feed-corn farmers, switching to genetically modified seed would be unlikely to increase profits.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to know whether most of the farmers who tried the genetically modified corn last season applied more insecticide than was actually necessary in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14606, "premise": "Country G had long had a problem with congested roads. To cut down on congestion, Country G developed a high-speed train system connecting most midsize and large cities within the country. The train system was intended to cut down on the number of people utilizing private vehicles on the country' s roads. Within one year after the train system was complete, there were approximately 100, 000 riders using the high-speed train system. The citizens of Country G were ecstatic about the success of the train system.", "hypothesis": "It can properly be inferred from the passage that Country G believes that the train system is a success because the increase in public transportation will benefit tourism throughout the country.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12224, "premise": "Historian: One traditional childrearing practice in the nineteenth century was to make a child who misbehaved sit alone outside. Anyone passing by would conclude that the child had misbehaved. Nowadays, many child psychologists would disapprove of this practice because they believe that such practices damage the child' s self-esteem and that damage to children' s self-esteem makes them less confident as adults. However, no one disagrees that adults raised under that traditional practice were, on average, as confident as adults not so raised.", "hypothesis": "If children's loss of self-esteem makes them less confident as adults, then the traditional childrearing practice in question did not tend to cause significant loss of self-esteem can be properly inferred from the historian's statements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1821, "premise": "The era of big data has come, in which case big data has become an intangible resource, but few people know how to realize this kind of assets. For an ordinary enterprise, enterprises not only have valuable customer data, but also have supplier data and internal finance.Data such as design and manufacturing management, and in the past few decades, many Chinese enterprises have completed the information application step by step and various information tools are digitizing the operation of the enterprise.However, few enterprises really get more value information from complex data and become a kind of asset, but it only stays on the surface for a long time.", "hypothesis": "The explanation in this paragraph is intended to show how enterprises can further tap the potential value of data assets.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3782, "premise": "Analogical reasoning refers to the conclusion that two objects are the same in a series, and one of them is known to have other attributes, so it is inferred that the other object also has the same other attributes.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, using similarities between the natural environment of California in the United States and the south of China to conclude that California is also suitable for growing citrus belongs to analogical reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5782, "premise": "No more penalty for one case refers to the administrative penalty that a party may not be fined more than twice for the same illegal act.", "hypothesis": "A is from Hebei and works in Beijing. Because having one more child violated local laws and regulations, he has already paid social support in Beijing in accordance with the decision of the family planning department of a certain district in Beijing. When he went home to visit relatives, According to the relevant regulations of Hebei Province, the family planning department in the place where the household registration is located also levied social support fees for a certain A is overbirth behavior is not no more penalty for one case.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2188, "premise": "Usually, we are used to thinking that exercise is the key or even the most important factor in weight loss. But some experts point out that exercise is very healthy, but it doesn't really help you lose weight. When it comes to weight loss, legs are not equal to mouth control, which is actually more important than legs.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Just a small piece of pizza can produce the same calories as an hour of exercise' can best support the views of the above experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 671, "premise": "Unpaid prompting: non economic remuneration refers to the remuneration received by employees from their own work. Employees are praised, promoted and valued for their hard work, resulting in a sense of work honor, achievement and responsibility, as well as social respect and career development opportunities", "hypothesis": "Posting photos of employees with outstanding performance in the honor list is not unpaid prompting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2407, "premise": "In one election, statistics showed that someone voted in favour of all the candidates.", "hypothesis": "If the statistics are true, then for each candidate, voters voted for him must also be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2757, "premise": "Many people don't know themselves and don't try to know themselves. Such people may want to know others, but this desire must fail, because people who don't even know themselves can't know others. It can be concluded that if you want to understand others, you must first understand yourself.", "hypothesis": "The most appropriate evaluation of the above argument is that it is flawed because it ignores the possibility that it is more difficult to know yourself than to know others.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 251, "premise": "Once consumers realize that inflation has begun, they will generally consume more. This increase can easily be explained by the phenomenon that consumers hope not to delay purchasing goods that are sure to increase in price. Even though consumers have prediced that prices will continue to rise as well as the wages. But during the long-term inflation period, consumers will eventually delay purchsing them and even daily goods.", "hypothesis": "If a large number of consumers cannot buy goods, then prices will eventually come down, but wages will not be affected can best help explain the obvious inconsistencies in consumer behavior described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 393, "premise": "Accumulation fund refers to the part of national income used for additional production funds, mainly including: expanding reproduction fund, such as building factories, building railways, reclaiming land, building water conservancy, etc., non productive capital construction funds, such as the construction of schools, hospitals, stadiums and gymnasiums, as well as the capital construction of State Administration and national defense departments, social reserve funds, such as material reserves for dealing with emergencies like war and natural disasters.", "hypothesis": "Construction costs of Olympic venues is not an accumulation fund according to the definition of the appeal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14632, "premise": "Psychologist: Some have argued that Freudian psychotherapy is the most effective kind because it is so difficult and time consuming. But surely this does not follow. Similar reasoning -- e. g. , concluding that a car-repair chain has the most effective technique for repairing cars because the cars it services receive so much work and spend so much time in the shop -- would never be accepted.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning technique employed by the psychologist is to introduce a principle that contradicts the one on which the argument is based.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13602, "premise": "Over the past ten years, the population of Dismaston has grown five times as large as it was. During this time, the average income in the city has risen substantially, and a tremendous amount of capital has flowed into city. An independent audit found that, somewhat surprisingly, the number of violent felonies reported per year is now lower than it was ten years ago.", "hypothesis": "The city is now much better lit at night, and security cameras protect a large number of public venues is the statement that does not fit the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4563, "premise": "Non service invention refers to the invention and creation completed by the inventor with his own time, capital, equipment and other material or technical conditions. The patent application right for non service invention belongs to the inventor or designer.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Mark mushroom belongs to non service inventions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11829, "premise": "Editorial: A proposed new law would limit elementary school class sizes to a maximum of 20 students. Most parents support this measure and argue that making classes smaller allows teachers to devote more time to each student, with the result that students become more engaged in the learning process. However, researchers who conducted a recent study conclude from their results that this reasoning is questionable. The researchers studied schools that had undergone recent reductions in class size, and found that despite an increase in the amount of time teachers spent individually with students, the students' average grades were unchanged.", "hypothesis": "Degree of student engagement in the learning process correlates well with students' average grades is an assumption required by the researchers' argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11095, "premise": "Politician: The mandatory jail sentences that became law two years ago for certain crimes have enhanced the integrity of our system of justice, for no longer are there two kinds of justice, the kind dispensed by lenient judges and the kind dispensed by severe ones. Public advocate: But with judges stripped of discretionary powers, there can be no leniency even where it would be appropriate. So juries now sometimes acquit a given defendant solely because the jurors feel that the mandatory sentence would be too harsh. Those juries, then, do not return an accurate verdict on the defendant' s guilt. This is why it is imperative that the legislation instituting mandatory jail sentences be repealed.", "hypothesis": "The public advocate responds to the politician's argument by claiming that the politician's evidence, properly analyzed, has no bearing on the conclusion the politician derives from it.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9575, "premise": "The urban cultural living room refers to the place where the city uses the small public spaces of the business circle, subway, airport and other places to hold normal cultural and leisure activities in art, history, folklore and other aspects, so that citizens and visitors from all directions can share together.", "hypothesis": "The pedestrian street in a city center recently held a celebration of its 10th anniversary. Immersion drama shows in parent-child programs, as well as two-dimensional exhibitions and electronic competitions, which are loved by students, have attracted many young people to come to sign in does not belong to the urban cultural living room.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3023, "premise": "Johnson is likely to win the 110m hurdles.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Johnson was not bound to lose in the 110m hurdles' is closest to the meaning of the above propositions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11796, "premise": "Eight large craters run in a long straight line across a geographical region. Although some of the craters contain rocks that have undergone high-pressure shocks characteristic of meteorites slamming into Earth, these shocks could also have been caused by extreme volcanic events. Because of the linearity of the craters, it is very unlikely that some of them were caused by volcanoes and others were caused by meteorites. Thus, since the craters are all different ages, they were probably caused by volcanic events rather than meteorites.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There is no independent evidence of a volcanic event strong enough to have created the high-pressure shocks that are characteristic of meteorites slamming into Earth' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11550, "premise": "Consumer advocate: Even if one can of fruit or vegetables weighs more than another, the heavier can does not necessarily contain more food. Canned fruits and vegetables are typically packed in water, which can make up more than half the total weight of the can' s contents. And nothing stops unscrupulous canning companies from including more water per can than others include.", "hypothesis": "The weight of the water in a can of fruit or vegetables can be more than half the total weight of the can's contents most accurately expresses the conclusion drawn in the consumer advocate's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7162, "premise": "The eldest, second and third brothers work in Shanghai, Zhejiang and Jiangxi. Their occupations are lawyers, doctors and civil servants. It is known that the boss does not work in Shanghai, the second does not work in Zhejiang, the civil servants who work in Shanghai are not civil servants, the lawyers who work in Zhejiang, and the second is not a doctor.", "hypothesis": "The boss, the second and the third work in Jiangxi, Zhejiang, and Shanghai respectively.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6781, "premise": "The ancients once said that when the hard teeth fall out, the soft tongue is still there. Softness is better than hardness, inaction is better than action.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of this passage is that suppressing hardness with softness is the best choice.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1052, "premise": "Professional identity refers to an individual's positive evaluation of his occupation.", "hypothesis": "Miss has a sense of professional identity according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14149, "premise": "The incidence in Japan of most types of cancer is remarkably low compared to that in North America, especially considering that Japan has a modern life-style, industrial pollution included. The cancer rates, however, for Japanese people who immigrate to North America and adopt the diet of North Americans approximate the higher cancer rates prevalent in North America.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The relatively low rate of cancer among people in Japan does not result from a high frequency of a protective genetic trait among Japanese people' provides the most support if the statements above are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13457, "premise": "Governments have only one response to public criticism of socially necessary services: regulation of the activity of providing those services. But governments inevitably make the activity more expensive by regulating it, and that is particularly troublesome in these times of strained financial resources. However, since public criticism of childcare services has undermined all confidence in such services, and since such services are socially necessary, the government is certain to respond.", "hypothesis": "The government will use funding to foster advances in child care can be inferred from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4734, "premise": "During the hunting season, the number of people injured by a car while walking on the sidewalk is twice the number of people injured in a hunting accident in the woods. Therefore, during the hunting season, it is safer for people to walk in the woods than on the sidewalk.", "hypothesis": "Both car drivers and hunters can be careful during the hunting season. Then the number of injured people will decrease is the most important to know to evaluate the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14823, "premise": "A manager is hoping to reach a certain target for camera sales in his store, which sells between 10 and 20 cameras a week. Typically, most cameras sold in any week are the less expensive economy models, and his store has sold relatively fewer of the more expensive, high-end cameras. The manager realizes that if, on average, three more cameras sold each week were high-end instead of economy models, the store would reach its target in sales. The manager prepares a detailed information sheet for the sales associates, outlining the numerous advantages of the high-end cameras over the economy cameras, and provides each sales associate with a portfolio of contrasting photos of the same images, showing the clearly superior image quality of the high-end cameras.", "hypothesis": "The only reason many customers buy the economy cameras is that they do not appreciate that the high-end cameras are significantly better would provide most support for the prediction that the detailed information sheet and photo portfolio given to sales associates will have its intended effect of allowing the store to reach its target in sales.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10654, "premise": "MetroBank made loans to ten small companies, in amounts ranging from $1, 000 to $100, 000. These ten loans all had graduated payment plans, i. e. , the scheduled monthly loan payment increased slightly each month over the five-year term of the loan. Nonetheless, the average payment received by MetroBank for these ten loans had decreased by the end of the five-year term.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Of the ten small companies, the three that had borrowed the largest amounts paid off their loans within three years' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11241, "premise": "Very powerful volcanic eruptions send large amounts of ash high into the atmosphere, blocking sunlight and causing abnormally cold temperatures for a year or more after the eruption. In 44 B. C. there was a powerful eruption of Mount Etna in Sicily. In the following year, Chinese historians recorded summer frosts and dimmed sunlight in China, thousands of miles east of Sicily. If these phenomena were caused by volcanic ash in the atmosphere, then the ash sent into the atmosphere by Mount Etna' s eruption must have spread over great distances.", "hypothesis": "Subsequent eruptions of Mount Etna were as powerful as the one in 44 B. C. would be most important to determine in evaluating the support given for the conclusion advanced in the last sentence of the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8935, "premise": "After winning the Nobel Prize for Literature, Marquez can still write A Pre-publicized Murder such a tightly narrated and fascinating story, a truly tragic work, it is really surprising.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the above comment is based is that after the Nobel Prize for Literature, M\u00e1rquez's writing is still quite fascinating.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12352, "premise": "The common procedure for determining whether a food additive should be banned from use is to compare its health-related benefits with its potential risks. Yellow Dye No. 5, an additive used to color lemon soda, might cause allergic reactions in a few consumers. For most consumers of lemon soda, however, the coloring enhances their enjoyment of the beverage. This particular additive should not be banned, ttherefore, because its benefits greatly outweigh its risks.", "hypothesis": "A flaw in the argument is that the author treats enjoyment of a beverage as a health-related benefit.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4200, "premise": "Harmonious economics refers to the structure and function of the social and economic system as the research object, in order to improve the productivity of this system, see the coordination between man and nature and sustainable development.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'There are more than a hundred gold mines in a city, although most of the enterprise equipment aging, mineral processing technology backward, but decided to continue to develop gold mining, because the city's financial revenue mainly comes from gold mines' is to develop a harmonious economy according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14831, "premise": "Recent research indicates that increased consumption of fruits and vegetables by middle-aged people reduces their susceptibility to stroke in later years. The researchers speculate that this may be because fruits and vegetables are rich in folic acid. Low levels of folic acid are associated with high levels of homocysteine, an amino acid that contributes to blocked arteries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A decreased propensity for blocked arteries is correlated with low levels of folic acid' is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4763, "premise": "All business managers are people who actively oppose corporate tax, because all those who actively oppose corporate tax are members of the chamber of commerce, so all members of the chamber of commerce are business managers.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning method of 'all soldiers are astronauts, because all astronauts are pilots, and all pilots are soldiers' is most similar to the above reasoning method.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6407, "premise": "Goethe lived a rich life, and his understanding of life was derived from his experience of life. In his Conversation, you can find a diamond of statements. These words are scattered here and there, and do not want to control them, but their rays reflect each other.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, penetrability is diamond.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14360, "premise": "Yang: Yeast has long been known to be a leaven, that is, a substance used in baking to make breads rise. Since biblical evidence ties the use of leavens to events dating back to 1200 B. C. , we can infer that yeast was already known to be a leaven at that time. Campisi: I find your inference unconvincing; several leavens other than yeast could have been known in 1200 B. C.", "hypothesis": "Campisi counters Yang's argument by pointing out that the premises of Yang's argument more strongly support a contrary conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6099, "premise": "Tropical forests with natural diversity are the last habitat of many animals, and their existence is extremely important to human beings. In the face of the serious destruction of tropical forests, it is easy to forget that this has been encountered by most forests in temperate areas: in developed areas, a large number of primitive forests have disappeared; In the Development Zone, especially in the area with severe rainfall, once the plants on the hillside are washed away, it will cause problems such as flood and soil collapse. Most plant species are widely distributed and can withstand local felling and survive, but some species have a narrow distribution range. Excessive felling will disappear forever.", "hypothesis": "The author's intention is to call for attention and strengthen the protection of temperate forests.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9472, "premise": "A survey by the World Health Organization pointed out that sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking, and long-term consumption of foods with high sugar content will significantly shorten people's lifespan. In recent years, Chinese consumption of sugar has remained high, especially among children. According to survey data, 10 years ago, children in my country drank 715 ml of beverages per day, which has doubled 10 years later. Most beverages currently on the market contain 8% to 11% sugar, and a 500ml bottle of beverage contains between 40g and 55g of sugar. Medical experts recommend that the daily intake of added sugars for adults should not exceed 50 grams, preferably less than 25 grams. Children should not consume more than 25 grams of added sugars per day. However, the amount of added sugar in just 1 drink already exceeds the bottom line of recommended values. As everyone knows, while we are feasting and eating sugar, sugar is quietly eating our health.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this text is 'Sugar addiction is more harmful than smoking'.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11220, "premise": "If the price it pays for coffee beans continues to increase, the Coffee Shoppe will have to increase its prices. In that case, either the Coffee Shoppe will begin selling noncoffee products or its coffee sales will decrease. But selling noncoffee products will decrease the Coffee Shoppe' s overall profitability. Moreover, the Coffee Shoppe can avoid a decrease in overall profitability only if its coffee sales do not decrease.", "hypothesis": "Either the price it pays for coffee beans will continue to increase or the Coffee Shoppe's coffee sales will increase follows logically from the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2435, "premise": "There are three types of robots in a laboratory. Type A can recognize colors, type B can recognize shapes and type C can recognize neither colors nor shapes. The lab experimented with red balls, basketball, red squares and blue squares on robots 1 and 2, and ordered them to pick up the red ball, but No. 1 picked up the red square and No. 2 picked up the basketball.", "hypothesis": "According to the above experiments, No. 1 is not Type B and No. 2 is not Type A.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10713, "premise": "Columnist: Over the last 20 years the demand in North America for Japanese-made automobiles has increased, whereas the Japanese demand for North American-made automobiles has been stagnant. Until recently, this imbalance could plausibly be attributed to Japanese models' superior fuel efficiency and reliability, but now cars made in North America are by these standards the equal of any Japanese model. What North American exporters continue to ignore is that the Japanese drive on the left side of the road. Ttherefore, one obstacle to reducing the automotive trade imbalance will be removed if North American manufacturers simply produce more cars with right-side steering wheels.", "hypothesis": "If the Japanese drive on the left side of the road, then they are not inclined to buy cars with left-side steering wheels is an assumption required by the columnist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12047, "premise": "Offshore oil-drilling operations entail an unavoidable risk of an oil spill, but importing oil on tankers presently entails an even greater such risk per barrel of oil. Ttherefore, if we are to reduce the risk of an oil spill without curtailing our use of oil, we must invest more in offshore operations and import less oil on tankers.", "hypothesis": "Tankers can easily be redesigned so that their use entails less risk of an oil spill most seriously weakens the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11306, "premise": "The gu, the hu, and the jue are types of bronze libation vessels that were produced in China during the Shang dynasty, almost 4, 000 years ago. Close examination of authentic gu, hu, and jue vessels reveals that they all bear incised patterns symbolizing the taotie, a mythological beast of greed. It must be true then that any bronze libation vessel that does not bear incised patterns symbolizing the taotie is not an authentic vessel produced in China during the Shang dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The argument makes the error of reasoning of treating the facts that certain specific objects belong to a given category and that some other objects belonging to that category possess a certain characteristic as sufficient evidence that the former objects also possess that characteristic.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1560, "premise": "Finally, the state has issued a policy to emphasize the protection of cultural relics, which is a good thing. There are not many cultural relics in China that have been destroyed after the two major shocks of revolution and construction.On the surface, China has become a younger city than the United States, and there is one more than New York, and the buildings in New York are all new steel and concrete, glass squares, streets and neon lights, and every city is the same.Are there any cultural relics in the museums of several central cities and in the hands of private collectors? however, the things there are not cultural relics, but goods that are divorced from the cultural background, just like the Chinese cultural relics in the Metropolitan Museum of New York, just the value of appreciation and auction.", "hypothesis": "The loss of cultural relics is the pain of China's cultural relics protection reflects the main idea of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15001, "premise": "The Kiffer Forest Preserve, in the northernmost part of the Abbimac Valley, is where most of the bears in the valley reside. During the eight years that the main road through the preserve has been closed the preserve' s bear population has nearly doubled. Thus, the valley' s bear population will increase if the road is kept closed.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Only some of the increase in the preserve's bear population over the past eight years is due to migration of bears from other parts of the Abbimac Valley' most undermines the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6074, "premise": "The evaluation of a scientific work can not be simply reduced to the size of a number, and no number can replace peer review and the specific analysis and historical test of the scientific significance of the work; A good evaluation index can provide more accurate information and make the corresponding evaluation more objective and fair.", "hypothesis": "The paragraph is intended to emphasize the evaluation of scientific work, and it is suggested that a variety of factors need to be considered in order to achieve justice.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3123, "premise": "The unit proposed three schemes A, B and C for energy conservation and emission reduction. Among them, all employees who drive to work choose scheme C, all employees who take the subway to work choose scheme B, none of the employees who take the bus to work choose scheme C, none of the employees who take the subway have a driver's license, and Mr. Wang doesn't have a driver's license when he takes the bus to work.", "hypothesis": "Employees who go to work by bus may have chosen scheme A can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12499, "premise": "Television allows us to transmit images of ourselves that propagate into space. The earliest of these transmissions have by now reached all of our neighboring star systems. None of these transmissions, so far as we know, has been recognized; we have yet to receive any messages of extraterrestrial origin. We must conclude that there is no extraterrestrial intelligence in any of our neighboring star systems.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is questionable because the argument overlooks the immense probability that most star systems are uninhabited.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8801, "premise": "In the 3000-meter final of the World Athletics Championships, among the three A, B and C who always ran at the front, one was an American player, one was a German player, and the other was a Kenyan player. After the race, we learned that: (1) A's performance was better than that of the German player; (2) the Kenyan player's performance was worse than that of B; (3) C praised the Kenyan player for his outstanding performance.", "hypothesis": "The American player is the champion, the German player is the runner-up, and the Kenyan player is the third must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6199, "premise": "In ground equipment, lithium-ion batteries are mainly used in military unmanned ground vehicles, robots, hybrid electric combat vehicles, etc. For ground combat vehicles driven by oil and electricity, using lithium-ion batteries as power source can not only reduce fuel consumption and logistics burden, but also improve the mobility and survivability of tactical vehicles. At present, multinational armies have increased hybrid electric driven combat vehicles. The research and development of lithium-ion battery modules for unmanned ground vehicles and ground robots. However, for large ground equipment, the weak power of lithium-ion battery is the main factor restricting its further application. Therefore, it is necessary to continue to develop lithium-ion batteries with high specific power and low cost in the future to meet the mission requirements of ground equipment.", "hypothesis": "It is the development direction of battlefield power source in the future according to the above words.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4076, "premise": "Political emotion refers to the inner experience and feeling of political subjects in political life to the political system, political activities, political events and political figures, which is formed with the process of people's political cognition, and is a general term for the psychological reaction of various political object, love and hate only dare, beauty and ugliness.", "hypothesis": "Chagrin at the waste of time is not a political emotion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13214, "premise": "Libel is defined as damaging the reputation of someone by making false statements. Ironically, strong laws against libel can make it impossible for anyone in the public eye to have a good reputation. For the result of strong libel laws is that, for fear of lawsuits, no one will say anything bad about public figures.", "hypothesis": "The principle that 'Public figures can have good reputations only if there are other public figures who have bad reputations' most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1290, "premise": "Research shows that the sales growth rate of China's FMCG market in 2015 was the lowest in recent five years, among which the sales of instant noodles decreased sharply by 12.5%. Some researchers believe that the increase in the number of low-income retirees is an important reason for the decline in FMCG consumption. However, the same data also shows that the growth rate of industries related to health, tourism and entertainment has reached double digits. Among them, the sales of yogurt increased by 20.6%. Three quarters of the respondents said they were willing to pay higher prices for food considered healthy. Consumers' demand for quality and personalized goods and services is increasing rapidly. They are no longer satisfied with the pursuit of material enjoyment, but more spiritual satisfaction.", "hypothesis": "The impression that instant noodles are unhealthy in people's mind is gradually accepted can be inferred from the above words.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10808, "premise": "Magazine article: Punishment for crimes is justified if it actually deters people from committing them. But a great deal of carefully assembled and analyzed empirical data show clearly that punishment is not a deterrent. So punishment is never justified.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the magazine article's argument is flawed because the argument mistakes being sufficient to justify punishment for being required to justify it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10931, "premise": "Magazine editor: I know that some of our regular advertisers have been pressuring us to give favorable mention to their products in our articles, but they should realize that for us to yield to their wishes would actually be against their interests. To remain an effective advertising vehicle we must have loyal readership, and we would soon lose that readership if our readers suspect that our editorial integrity has been compromised by pandering to advertisers. Advertising-sales director: You underestimate the sophistication of our readers. They recognize that the advertisements we carry are not articles, so their response to the advertisements has never depended on their opinion of the editorial integrity of the magazine as a whole.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate assessment of the advertising-sales director's argument as a response to the magazine editor's argument is that it fails because it is based on a misunderstanding of the editor's view about how readers respond to advertisements they see in the magazine.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2789, "premise": "A popular view is that people can predict earthquakes by the abnormal behavior of animals. In fact, this view is based on subjective analogy and does not necessarily reveal objective connections. A dog's abnormal behavior before the earthquake will naturally impress his owner: but in fact, dogs have abnormal behavior at any moment in the world.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the above argument, the question 'What is the proportion of animals with abnormal behavior before the earthquake that are not noticed?' is the least important.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11240, "premise": "A development company has proposed building an airport near the city of Dalton. If the majority of Dalton' s residents favor the proposal, the airport will be built. However, it is unlikely that a majority of Dalton' s residents would favor the proposal, for most of them believe that the airport would create noise problems. Thus, it is unlikely that the airport will be built.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the argument treats a sufficient condition for the airport's being built as a necessary condition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10552, "premise": "Politician: About 4 years ago, when our party came into power, it was committed to fighting inflation and successfully reduced the increase of the consumer price index (CPI) from 4% at the time to 1.5% now. The CPI rose by more than 4% during the previous four years of the opposition party's administration. Therefore, under the leadership of our party, the prices of commodities are getting lower and lower.", "hypothesis": "The politician's argument is most vulnerable to criticism because there is no mention of the period when the opposition party was in power when the domestic economy was overheated, and now there is an economic crisis in Europe and the United States.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7112, "premise": "One day five friends got together and one of them enumerated the dangers of drinking and urged everyone to stop drinking. Are you quit drinking now?He asked one by one. The four men answered in different ways.", "hypothesis": "According to their answers, I especially like drinking does not violate the implied premise of this reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10324, "premise": "On July 14, 2015, after difficult negotiations in the euro zone, the Greek debt crisis was temporarily quieted down. If the Greek debt crisis is not resolved, it will have a negative impact on the economy of the euro zone. But Greece can only return to the path of economic development through extensive reforms. Greece can either reduce welfare or achieve substantial economic growth, otherwise, the debt crisis will be difficult to solve.", "hypothesis": "If Greece does not reduce welfare, or if it fails to achieve substantial economic development, it will have a negative impact on the economy of the euro zone must be true if the above statement is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8854, "premise": "Aluminum alloys have widely replaced steel in military equipment because they provide the same protection and are lighter. But an armored vehicle made of aluminum alloy costs twice as much as a armored vehicle made of steel. Therefore, from a financial point of view, it is not advisable to replace the armored vehicles made of steel with armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy with the same protective performance.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The price of aluminum alloy is expected to remain stable, while the price of steel is likely to fall' can raise greater doubts about the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9098, "premise": "China has implemented the etiquette of not marrying with the same surname since the Zhou Dynasty. Qu Li said: the same surname is the clan, and there is the meaning of gathering people of the whole clan, so it is based on the surname.... Even though it has been a hundred generations since their ancestors, they are still not allowed to intermarry.  Guoyu said, when you take a wife, you should avoid her with the same surname. He also said, if you don't marry with the same surname, evil doesn't come into being. From this point of view, the ancients of our country have long understood the principle of eugenics in modern genetics, otherwise they would not have realized the harmfulness of next-of-kin marriage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The intermarriage between the State of Qin and the State of Jin is called the good of Qin and Jin, and the good of Qin and Jin is a model of not marrying with the same surname' weakens the author's explanation of unmarried with the same surname.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12826, "premise": "It is crucially important to farmers that the herbicides they use to control weeds do not damage their crops. One very effective herbicide is safe for corn, but soybeans are damaged even by the herbicide' s residue, which remains in the soil more than a year after the herbicide is applied. Soybeans and corn are not sown together in the same field; nevertheless, most farmers are reluctant to use the herbicide on their corn.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the application of herbicides is less critical for soybean than for corn crops provides the strongest justification for the farmers' reluctance.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11483, "premise": "FastMart, a convenience store chain, is planning to add pancake syrup to the items it sells. FastMart stores do not have shelf space to stock more than one variety of syrup. Surveys of FastMart customers indicate that one-fourth of them prefer low-calorie syrup, while three-fourths prefer regular syrup. Since FastMart' s highest priority is to maximize sales, the obvious strategy for it is to stock regular syrup.", "hypothesis": "In general, customers who prefer regular syrup will buy low-calorie syrup if regular is unavailable, but those who prefer low-calorie will not buy regular syrup most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3487, "premise": "If you want your children to grow taller, parents must hug them often, because children who cannot feel loved by others have less growth hormone secretion.", "hypothesis": "It can be inferred that tall children are more embraced by their parents than short children.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12044, "premise": "Maria: Calling any state totalitarian is misleading: it implies total state control of all aspects of life. The real world contains no political entity exercising literally total control over even one such aspect. This is because any system of control is inefficient, and, ttherefore, its degree of control is partial. James: A one-party state that has tried to exercise control over most aspects of a society and that has, broadly speaking, managed to do so is totalitarian. Such a system' s practical inefficiencies do not limit the aptness of the term, which does not describe a state s actual degree of control as much as it describes the nature of a state' s ambitions.", "hypothesis": "Maria's main conclusion is that no state can be called totalitarian without inviting a mistaken belief.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10172, "premise": "Since 1993, sandstorms have frequently occurred in Inner Mongolia, causing great economic losses. Some people think that sandstorm is caused by grassland degradation and desertification due to climate drought. It is a natural disaster, so it is inevitable.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"In the 1950s, the grass on the Xilingol grassland in Inner Mongolia was as high as horses' bellies. Now the grass is too thick for mice\" would challenge the above statement, except if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10987, "premise": "Political strategist: Clearly, attacking an opposing candidate on philosophical grounds is generally more effective than attacking the details of the opponent' s policy proposals. A philosophical attack links an opponent' s policy proposals to an overarching ideological scheme, thereby telling a story and providing context. This makes the attack emotionally compelling.", "hypothesis": "Political attacks that are emotionally compelling are generally more effective than those that are not is an assumption required by the political strategist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5916, "premise": "On the one hand, due to the bad weather, on the other hand, because the main pepper growers are switching to high-priced cocoa, the world's pepper production has been far lower than the sales volume in the past three years. Therefore, the current supply of pepper is quite short. The result is that the price of pepper has risen and is already on par with cocoa.", "hypothesis": "The amount of pepper stocks in the world market is decreasing can be derived from the information provided.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10665, "premise": "Nutrition education in schools once promoted daily consumption of food from each of the four food groups: milk, meat, fruit and vegetables, and breads and cereals. This recommendation was, however, dangerous to health.", "hypothesis": "The recommendation that some food from the fruit and vegetable group be consumed daily constituted a reminder not to neglect this group, which provides needed vitamins, minerals, and fiber provides support for the critique above EXCEPT.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3499, "premise": "A beverage manufacturer changed the composition of a famous beverage they produced last year, and at the same time the export value of a small island in the Indian Ocean began to decline. The island's only export product, vanilla beans, accounted for more than half of the global supply. Therefore, analysts believe that the original ingredient of the famous drink contains vanilla extracted from vanilla beans, but the new ingredient does not.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Sales of several other best-selling products containing vanilla are also declining' is correct and is a powerful way to enhance analysts' reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8840, "premise": "Seven security guards, Zhao, Qian, Sun, Li, Wu, Zheng, and Wang, take turns on the night shift every week. In terms of duty hours, it is now known that Zhao is one day behind Sun; Li is two days behind Wu; Qian is three days ahead of Wang; Zheng is between Qian and Sun, on Thursday.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above question, Sun is on Friday.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13415, "premise": "Archaeologists are currently analyzing plant remains found at a site that was last occupied more than 10, 000 years ago. If the plants were cultivated, then the people who occupied the site discovered agriculture thousands of years before any other people are known to have done so. On the other hand, if the plants were wild -- that is, uncultivated -- then the people who occupied the site ate a wider variety of wild plants than did any other people at the time.", "hypothesis": "The statements above, if true, most strongly support the statement that the archaeologists analyzing the plant remains at the site will be able to determine whether the plants were cultivated or were wild.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13885, "premise": "The new heart scans offer patients significant benefits. They can be completed in a fraction of the time required for an angiogram, with no recovery time necessary. Furthermore, the scans are more sensitive and can identify problem areas that an angiogram might not perceive. However, heart scans use more radiation than most diagnostic procedures, and can cause undue concern over and treatment for the harmless abnormalities often picked up by such sensitive technology.", "hypothesis": "A heart scan is the more appropriate of the two procedures for most patients is the conclusion that is best supported by the statements above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10727, "premise": "Studies suggest that, for the vast majority of people who have normal blood pressure, any amount of sodium greater than that required by the body is simply excreted and does not significantly raise blood pressure. So only persons who have high blood pressure and whose bodies are incapable of safely processing excess sodium need to restrict their sodium intake.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement 'High blood pressure is more harmful than was previously believed' would most seriously weaken the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12656, "premise": "Alan: Government subsidies have been proposed in Cariana to encourage farmers in Rochelle, the country' s principal agricultural region, to implement certain new farming techniques. Unless these techniques are implemented, erosion of productive topsoil cannot be controlled. Unfortunately, farmers cannot afford to shoulder the entire cost of the new techniques, which are more expensive than those currently used. Ttherefore, without subsidies, agricultural output in Rochelle will inevitably decline. Betty: But erosion in Rochelle is caused by recurring floods, which will end next year once Cariana completes the hydroelectric dam it is building across the region' s major river. Ttherefore, Rochelle' s total agricultural output will stabilize at its present level even without subsidies.", "hypothesis": "An assumption on which Betty's argument depends is that the government of Cariana has sufficient financial resources both to subsidize its farmers' implementation of new farming techniques and to operate a hydroelectric dam.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 367, "premise": "Both Company A and B provide 24-hour hotline consultation services for customers who have difficult problems using their company's digital products. Calling the hotline charges a corresponding call fee, so generally speaking, consumers only encounter difficulties when using digital products. The number of hotline calls received by Company A is five times more than that of Company B. This shows that company A's digital products must be more complex and difficult to use than Company B's.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The number of consumers who bought Company B's digital products is twice as much as that of Company A' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10665, "premise": "Nutrition education in schools once promoted daily consumption of food from each of the four food groups: milk, meat, fruit and vegetables, and breads and cereals. This recommendation was, however, dangerous to health.", "hypothesis": "The division into four groups gave the impression that an equal amount of each should be consumed, but milk and meat tend to contain fats that promote heart disease and cancer and should be eaten in lesser amounts does not provide support for the critique above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12994, "premise": "Alcohol consumption has been clearly linked to high blood pressure, which increases the likelihood of developing heart disease. Yet in a study of the effects of alcohol consumption, the incidence of heart disease was lower among participants who drank moderate quantities of alcohol every day than it was among participants identified as nondrinkers.", "hypothesis": "Many of the participants identified as nondrinkers were people who had been heavy drinkers but had stopped drinking alcohol prior to participating in the study most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12835, "premise": "A product that represents a clear technological advance over competing products can generally command a high price. Surprisingly, perhaps, <b> the strategy to maximize overall profit from a new product is to charge less than the greatest price the market will bear </b>. Many companies charge the maximum possible price for such a product, because they want to make as much profit as they can and technological advances tend to be quickly surpassed. The drawback is that <b> large profits on the new product give competitors a strong incentive to quickly match the new product' s capabilities </b>.", "hypothesis": "The first presents a strategy for achieving a certain goal; the second presents grounds for preferring a different goal is the role played by the two portions in boldface in the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10992, "premise": "Literature professor: Critics charge that the work of C. F. Providence' s best-known follower, S. N. Sauk, lacks aesthetic merit because it employs Providence' s own uniquely potent system of symbolic motifs in the service of a political ideal that Providence -- and, significantly, some of these critics as well -- would reject. Granting that Sauk is more imitator than innovator, and that he maintained political views very different from those Providence maintained, it has yet to be shown that these facts make his writings any less subtly or powerfully crafted than those of his more esteemed mentor. So the critics' argument should be rejected.", "hypothesis": "The literature professor argues that the claims made in support of the conclusion drawn by the critics have not been shown to be relevant to it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3582, "premise": "A robbery occurred in a school. The Public Security Bureau arrested four suspects A, B, C, and D. When interrogating them, A said: I did not do it. B said: D did it. C said: It was B D said: I did not do it.", "hypothesis": "D did the robbery, according to the statement that only one of these four told the truth.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11842, "premise": "Last winter was mild enough to allow most bird species to forage naturally, which explains why the proportion of birds visiting feeders was much lower than usual. The mild winter also allowed many species to stay in their summer range all winter without migrating south, thereby limiting the usual attrition accompanying migration. Hence, last year' s mild winter is responsible for this year' s larger-than-usual bird population.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Birds eating at feeders are more vulnerable to predators than are birds foraging naturally' would most strengthen the reasoning in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8919, "premise": "In a magic show, from the seven magicians - G.H.K.L.N.P and Q, select 6 to perform, perform into two teams: 1 team and 2 team. Each team by the front, middle and after three positions, playing the magician just each occupies a position, the selection and position arrangement of the magician must meet the following conditions :(1) if the arrangement of G or H play, they must be in the front. (2) If K is to play, he must be in the middle. (3) If L is to play, he must be in team 1. (4) Neither P nor K can be on the same team as N. (5) P cannot be in the same team as Q. (6) If H is in team 2, Q is in the middle position of team 1.", "hypothesis": "If G is on team 1 and K is on team 2, P must be behind team 2.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4930, "premise": "The same number of cucumber seedlings were planted in the two experimental greenhouses. Magnesium salt was applied in the first greenhouse, but not in the second. The first one produced 10kg cucumber and the second one produced 5kg. Since nothing was applied to the greenhouse except water, the higher yield of the first greenhouse must be due to magnesium salt.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Four different cucumber varieties were planted in both experimental greenhouses\" weakens the argument most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4224, "premise": "The crime of intentional damage to property refers to a natural person who has reached the age of criminal responsibility and has the capacity of criminal responsibility. Intentionally damaging or damaging public or private property, a large amount of money or other serious circumstances. The purpose of the crime is only to damage public and private property, not to have the purpose of illegal possession.", "hypothesis": "Zhao damaging high-voltage lines, causing power outages throughout the region for three days is the crime of wilful damage to property according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4394, "premise": "Tujia dog is a small hairless beast that only lives in the southern United States. Before humans settled in the southern United States, Tujia's natural enemies were not strong, so Tujia thrived in the southern United States. When humans began to hunt them, Tujia dog became extinct. Therefore, it must be people's minefields that led to its extinction.", "hypothesis": "While humans settled in the southern United States, they also brought new species that may be natural enemies of Tujia dogs weakens the reasoning above most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14876, "premise": "Garbage in this neighborhood probably will not be collected until Thursday this week. Garbage is usually collected here on Wednesdays, and the garbage collectors in this city are extremely reliable. However, Monday was a public holiday, and after a public holiday that falls on a Monday, garbage throughout the city is supposed to be collected one day later than usual.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by providing information that allows application of a general rule to a specific case.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7905, "premise": "An economic expert pointed out that the key to the success of central macro-control lies in how to arrange as many employees as possible and take into account the basic stability of prices. Inflation is not the most terrible thing. It is impossible to maintain high economic growth without a certain amount of inflation.", "hypothesis": "The main point of view supported in the above paragraph is that macro-control is to solve the two problems of employment and prices.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9307, "premise": "Compared with international oil prices, domestic oil prices have always been rising fast and falling slowly, one of the reasons is that China's refined oil price adjustment is based on the boundary condition that crude oil prices in the three regions change more than 4%. For example, when we went from $100 a barrel to $104, we followed suit. However, a 4% pullback from $104 would take the price back down to $99,.84.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The above argument does not compare the price on the same basis. If the price increase is based on $100, the conditional analysis of the price reduction should also be based on $100' best points out the flaws in the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13320, "premise": "Installing scrubbers in smokestacks and switching to cleaner-burning fuel are the two methods available to Northern Power for reducing harmful emissions from its plants. Scrubbers will reduce harmful emissions more than cleaner-burning fuels will. Ttherefore, by installing scrubbers, Northern Power will be doing the most that can be done to reduce harmful emissions from its plants.", "hypothesis": "Switching to cleaner-burning fuel will not be more expensive than installing scrubbers is an assumption on which the argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12978, "premise": "Fragments of charred antelope bone have recently been found at a million-year-old settlement of Homo erectus, an early human species. This discovery demonstrates that humans were making controlled use of fire to cook meat at a very early stage of their development.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the antelope bones were charred in a fire controlled by humans is made by the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5038, "premise": "Voluntary attention refers to the attention with a predetermined purpose and requires a certain will effort: non random attention refers to the attention without a predetermined purpose and no will effort in advance; Random attention occurs after random attention. It has a certain purpose and task, and does not need the attention of will and effort.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, when Xiao Lin was reading in front of the window, he suddenly heard some noise outside. He looked up and found two birds parked in the tree is an example of voluntary attention.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4051, "premise": "Possession modification refers to the transfer of the right to the movable property, the two parties also agreed that the transferee to continue to occupy the movable property, the property right from the transfer agreement when the effective effect.", "hypothesis": "A sold all their books to B, in the delivery of this book, A also want to read for a while, and then reached an agreement with B, borrowed the book for 15 days, B said yes is a possession modification according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5916, "premise": "On the one hand, due to the bad weather, on the other hand, because the main pepper growers are switching to high-priced cocoa, the world's pepper production has been far lower than the sales volume in the past three years. Therefore, the current supply of pepper is quite short. The result is that the price of pepper has risen and is already on par with cocoa.", "hypothesis": "The current price of cocoa is lower than it was three years ago can be derived from the information given.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13274, "premise": "The distance that animals travel each day and the size of the groups in which they live are highly correlated with their diets. And diet itself depends in large part on the sizes and shapes of animals' teeth and faces.", "hypothesis": "The statements above provide the most support for the idea that information about the size and shape of an extinct animal's teeth and face can establish whether that animal is likely to have been a herd animal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11101, "premise": "Columnist: Contrary to what many people believe, the number of species on Earth is probably not dwindling. Extinction is a natural process, and about as many species are likely to go extinct this year as went extinct in 1970. But the emergence of new species is also a natural process; there is no reason to doubt that new species are emerging at about the same rate as they have been for the last several centuries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The vast majority of the species that have ever existed are now extinct' most weakens the columnist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 830, "premise": "Administrative system refers to the compulsory punishment measures imposed by the state administrative agencies on administrative offenders in accordance with their administrative responsibilities.", "hypothesis": "A girl under the age of 14 has been instigated to pilfer for many times does not belong to the administrative system.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11819, "premise": "Educator: Some experimental educational programs, based on the principle that children' s first education should take place at home, instruct parents in how to be their child' s first teacher.  The school performance of the children in these programs is better than average. This shows that these programs are successful and should be expanded.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Most of the parents participating in the programs have prior experience as educators' most weakens the educator's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10311, "premise": "Zhu Hong: red squirrels make holes in the bark of sugar pines to absorb sap. Since the sap of sugar pine is mainly composed of water and a small amount of sugar, it is roughly certain that red squirrels are looking for water or sugar. Water is easily available in other ways where pine trees grow. Therefore, red pine trees are not trying to dig holes because they are looking for water, they may be looking for sugar. Lina: it must not be looking for sugar but something else, because the concentration of sugar in sugar pine sap is so low that red squirrels have to drink a lot of sap to get a little sugar.", "hypothesis": "If the statement \"Red squirrels do not absorb the sap until most of the water in the sap that seeps from the hole in the tree evaporates\" is true, it most seriously shakes Lin Na's rebuttal to Zhu Hong.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7187, "premise": "Database is a collection of related data organized according to certain structure and rules. It is a data collection formed by integrating user data and a warehouse for storing data. Network is a system that uses communication equipment and lines to connect multiple computers in different places and spatial locations with relatively independent operation, and configures certain systems and application software to realize software and hardware resource sharing and information transmission between originally independent computers. Network database is a system based on background database, plus certain foreground program, which completes data storage, query and other operations through browser.", "hypothesis": "The online video conference system conducted by the company's headquarters and subsidiaries at the same time does not belong to the network database according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2273, "premise": "Fan filter effect: Refers to the psychological phenomenon in which young people automatically filter out the shortcomings and over-magnify the advantages of the objects they admire.", "hypothesis": "The fan filter effect is when fans take to social media to find excuses for a celebrity who has been arrested for taking drugs abroad.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2056, "premise": "There is an advertisement in CCTV's Global Information list: every day, we only introduce you to three global hot people; only report the most important global events; only select the top five companies in the world; only release the latest financial news in the world;  only introduce the most imaginative cutting-edge technologies;-- Global Information list, CCTV Economic Channel, 12:00 every day. Know that the messenger survives.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate understanding of \"know that the messenger survives\" in this passage is that the taste of the whole program has risen to a level of providing information and focusing on survival.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9578, "premise": "The common people's lecturer means that grass-roots units select ordinary people to publicize the principles and policies of the party and the government in a form that they like to hear and see.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Jiang, a citizen, compiled the new medical insurance policy into Allegro, recorded it as a video, and posted it on the official Wechat account and moments every day belongs to the common people's lecturer.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8835, "premise": "The hurricane that threatens the continental U.S. was formed by the triggering of high pressure off the west coast of Africa. The continental U.S. is hit by particularly frequent hurricanes whenever there's a lot of rain in the sub-Saharan region. So, a lot of rainfall must be the cause of the hurricane that raises the pressure of the airflow.", "hypothesis": "The argument 'Many of those who became entrepreneurs often played competitive sports while they were in college. Therefore, participation in competitive sports must increase the ability to become an entrepreneur' contains the most similar flaw to the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4563, "premise": "Non service invention refers to the invention and creation completed by the inventor with his own time, capital, equipment and other material or technical conditions. The patent application right for non service invention belongs to the inventor or designer.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Lao Zhang's advanced technology of planting Ganoderma lucidum in the greenhouse belongs to non service inventions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4265, "premise": "Water tourism refers to a short-term experience with social, leisure and consumption attributes that people go to water and its surrounding areas for the main purpose of seeking pleasure. It has gradually become an important carrier for people's leisure, fashion and regional tourism development. Water tourism resources refer to waters and related shores, islands, forests and grasses, buildings and other natural and cultural landscapes that are attractive to people.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a building standing on the Bank of the Yangtze River and becoming the background for tourists to take photos does not belong to water tourism resources.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 778, "premise": "Theory X believes that people are lazy by nature, and the less work the better. They will avoid work if possible. Therefore, managers need to use coercion, threats, punishments, monetary benefits and other incentives to stimulate people's negative original motivation for work. Theory Y believes that people have a positive motivation for work, and work is a natural thing. Most people do not resist work. Even without external pressure and threats of punishment, they will work hard to achieve their goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Director B thinks that the relationship between control and consciousness should be flexibly grasped according to the real situation of the enterprise is in line with Theory Y.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12731, "premise": "In response to viral infection, the immune systems of mice typically produce antibodies that destroy the virus by binding to proteins on its surface. Mice infected with the herpesvirus generally develop keratitis, a degenerative disease affecting part of the eye. Since proteins on the surface of cells in this part of the eye closely resemble those on the herpesvirus surface, scientists hypothesize that these cases of keratitis are caused by antibodies to the herpesvirus.", "hypothesis": "Other types of virus have surface proteins that closely resemble proteins found in various organs of mice most helps to support the scientists' reasoning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8601, "premise": "False correlation means that causality is inferred between two events without causality based on some other unseen factors (potential variables), resulting in the illusion that the two events are related. However, this connection can not be confirmed by objective experiments.", "hypothesis": "The number of netizens and the degree of depreciation of the house is not a false correlation according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2907, "premise": "Professor Lan believes that a person who is not good at thinking cannot become a good manager. There is no humble wise man who learns astrology. Astrologers all learn astrology, but some astrologers are good managers.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"People who are good at thinking are humble and wise\" can best refute professor Lan's above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4351, "premise": "People's fear of flying by plane is actually unreasonable. According to statistics, in 1995, the number of people who died in ground traffic accidents in the world exceeded 800,000. During the 10 years from 1990 to 1999, the world died in an average of air crashes every year. There are less than 500 people, and during these 10 years, my country has suffered an average of less than 25 people in air crashes every year.", "hypothesis": "In order to evaluate the correctness of the above argument, the most important question to answer is how many people in the world use ground transportation and how many people use shipping in the past 10 years.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9769, "premise": "If it is said that the painting Riverside Scene at Qingming Festival reflects the vulgar side of life in the Song Dynasty, Xiyuan Ya Collection is the symbol of elegance. Xiyuan Ya Ji, which was widely told in the Northern Song Dynasty, showed the banquet scenes of many literati at that time. Su Shi, Li Gonglin and Mi Fu gathered together to recite poems and lyrics, or to caress the piano and sing, or to meditate and ask Zen, forming a literati circle with Su Shi as the center. The painter Li Gonglin depicts the elegant collection in a realistic way, with a preface to rice, saying, the gurgling of water and stone, the swallowing of wind and bamboo, the square curl of furnace smoke, and the self-sweetness of vegetation. The joy of emptiness in the world, but so much. Xiyuan Ya Collection is a classic motif in the history of ancient painting, and many future generations of painters have copies or imitations, which is also a continuation of the spirit of the Song Dynasty.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is the evaluation of the unique contribution of Xiyuan Ya Collection to the history of ancient Chinese painting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10797, "premise": "Radio airplay restrictions are nationally imposed regulations. The City Club has compiled a guide to all nationally imposed regulations except those related to taxation or to labor law. Radio airplay restrictions are related neither to taxation nor to labor law, so the City Club' s guide covers radio airplay restrictions.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The Nutrition Foundation recommends avoiding all prepackaged desserts that are not high in vitamins or protein and many prepackaged snack foods are low in vitamins or protein, so the Nutrition Foundation recommends avoiding prepackaged snack foods as well\" exhibits a pattern of reasoning most similar to that exhibited by the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14703, "premise": "Moore: Sunscreen lotions, which are designed to block skin-cancer-causing ultraviolet radiation, do not do so effectively. Many scientific studies have shown that people who have consistently used these lotions develop, on average, as many skin cancers as those who have rarely, if ever, used them.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Moore's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument overlooks the possibility that people who consistently use sunscreen lotions spend more time in the sun, on average, than people who do not.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1105, "premise": "Reasoning is usually divided into deductive reasoning and inductive reasoning. Deductive reasoning is based on some general principles and personal examples to draw new conclusions about the individual examples. Inductive reasoning abstracts and generalizes a certain general principle from a certain number of individual facts. But a more precise statement is: deductive reasoning is inevitability reasoning, that is, the premise is true to ensure that the conclusion is true; inductive reasoning is probabilistic reasoning, the premise only provides certain support for the conclusion, and the premise is true and the conclusion is not necessarily true.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate expression of the original meaning of this passage is that it summarizes the difference between deductive reasoning and inductive reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7905, "premise": "An economic expert pointed out that the key to the success of central macro-control lies in how to arrange as many employees as possible and take into account the basic stability of prices. Inflation is not the most terrible thing. It is impossible to maintain high economic growth without a certain amount of inflation.", "hypothesis": "The main point of view supported in the above paragraph is that macro-control is to solve the two problems of employment and prices.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9182, "premise": "It is generally believed that people's aesthetic judgment is subjective, and this is true in a short period of time, and people's evaluation of contemporary works of art often diverges greatly. However, over time, the subjective element in aesthetics gradually disappears. When a work of art continues to provide pleasure and beauty over the centuries, as in Da Vinci paintings and Bach's music, we can fairly objectively call it a great work.", "hypothesis": "If critics unanimously affirm a work of contemporary art, it is a great work is best supported by the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5990, "premise": "A scientist recently proposed a new idea: the Earth Plate movement began no later than 3.5 billion years ago. He reasoned that plate tectonics must transform the natural dark mafic rocks into light-colored felsic rocks. And by 3.5 billion years ago, the earth already had light-colored felsic rocks.", "hypothesis": "The statement that 3.5 billion years ago, the earth was full of volcanoes, and volcanic eruptions would have released magma that would have buried the mafic rocks deep underground, melting them and turning them into felsic rocks, but plate tectonics is not the only cause of volcanic eruptions most challenges the expert's opinion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1290, "premise": "Research shows that the sales growth rate of China's FMCG market in 2015 was the lowest in recent five years, among which the sales of instant noodles decreased sharply by 12.5%. Some researchers believe that the increase in the number of low-income retirees is an important reason for the decline in FMCG consumption. However, the same data also shows that the growth rate of industries related to health, tourism and entertainment has reached double digits. Among them, the sales of yogurt increased by 20.6%. Three quarters of the respondents said they were willing to pay higher prices for food considered healthy. Consumers' demand for quality and personalized goods and services is increasing rapidly. They are no longer satisfied with the pursuit of material enjoyment, but more spiritual satisfaction.", "hypothesis": "The consumption focuses of some consumers began to shift can be inferred from the above words.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4374, "premise": "Unfair competition refers to an enterprise that uses improper or unfair methods to increase the market share of its products, creating an unfair market environment for competitors that produce similar products, and seriously harming the interests of its competitors.", "hypothesis": "In order to compete for market share with Company B, Company A produced a movie advertisement showing that a fighter aircraft with the emblem of A dropped a blockbuster on the warship that was about to capsize (marked by B) is not considered unfair competition according to the definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2276, "premise": "Marx was an indomitable great man, but also a man of flesh and blood. He loves life, is sincere and simple, heavy affection heavy righteousness. Marx and Engels' revolutionary friendship lasted 40 years, as Lenin said; There are all kinds of very moving friendship stories in ancient legends, but the Friendship of Marx and Engels surpasses all the most moving legends of human friendship of the ancients.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above statement, it can be concluded that Lenin was an indomitable great man and an ordinary man of flesh and blood.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12414, "premise": "On Saturday Melvin suggested that Jerome take the following week off from work and accompany him on a trip to the mountains. Jerome refused, claiming that he could not afford the cost of the trip added to the wages he would forfeit by taking off without notice. It is clear, however, that cost cannot be the real reason for Jerome' s unwillingness to go with Melvin to the mountains, since he makes the same excuse every time Melvin asks him to take an unscheduled vacation regardless of where Melvin proposes to go.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning is most vulnerable to the criticism that it fails to establish that Melvin could no more afford to take an unscheduled vacation trip to the mountains than could Jerome.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13721, "premise": "In defending the Hyperion School of Journalism from charges that its program is of little or no value to its students, the dean of the school pointed to its recent success in placing students: 65 percent of its graduates went on to internships or jobs in print or broadcast journalism.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Some newspaper editors do not regard journalism schools as a necessary part of the training of a journalist\" most seriously undermines the defense offered by the dean.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9646, "premise": "In big data's wave of everything is quantifiable, the network has gradually become a mirror of the real world. With the increasing integration of the network society and the real society, the management of the government can no longer be limited to offline management. on the other hand, we must fully grasp the influence mechanism of the Internet on the behavior of the government and the public, the regulation law and its connection with the real society to realize the full linkage and coordination between the Internet and the real society.", "hypothesis": "The content of big data that this passage is intended to explain is that it adjusts the focus of government management.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9983, "premise": "An evaluation agency conducted a social survey to evaluate the popularity of books. The results show that the sales volume of life books exceeds that of science and technology books, so the popularity of life books is higher than that of science and technology books.", "hypothesis": "Some of the books sold may not have been read can best refute the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8080, "premise": "Statistics are divided into qualitative data and quantitative data. Qualitative data includes categorical and ordinal data. Categorical data refers to non-numeric data that can only be assigned to a certain category, which is the result of classifying things and expressed in words; sequential data refers to non-numeric data that can be assigned to an ordered category. Quantitative data are data that represent specific numerical observations. \u2460Cities can be divided into megacities, large cities, medium cities and small cities according to the size of the city; \u2461Marital status: 1-unmarried, 2-married, 3-divorced, 4-widowed; \u2462The distance from place A to place B is 200 kilometers, 320 kilometers to C and 100 kilometers to D; \u2463 A hospital has a construction area of 50,000 square meters, 3,182 open beds and 687 clinicians.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above definition, the statement that \u2460\u2461 are all sequential data is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8664, "premise": "Butterfly is a very beautiful insect and there are about 14000 species. Most of the species are distributed in Africa, especially in the Amazon River basin, and are distributed in other parts of the world except in the cold regions of the north and south. Taiwan is also famous for its many species of butterflies in Asia. Butterflies generally have brightly colored wings, various patterns on their wings and bodies, and a bunch of rod-shaped or hammered antennae on their heads. The largest butterfly has wings up to 24 centimeters, while the smallest butterfly has only 1.6 centimeters.", "hypothesis": "Some insects have brightly colored wings can be inferred based on the above statement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8004, "premise": "British scientists point out that over Antarctica, the top of the escape layer in the atmosphere has fallen by about 8 kilometers in the past 40 years. Over Europe, similar observations have been made. Scientists believe that the atmosphere may continue to contract because of Greenhouse Effect. In the 21 st century. The concentration of carbon dioxide is expected to increase several times, which will reduce the space boundary by 20 kilometers, so that the density of the thermo-ionosphere above the escape layer will continue to decrease, and the shrinking atmosphere will at least have an unpredictable effect on the satellite.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that the greenhouse effect will continue to shrink the atmosphere.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9504, "premise": "With the increase of the contribution rate of science and technology to economic and social development and the deepening of the involvement of science and technology in life, the relationship between ordinary people and science and technology has become closer. Popular science has increasingly become a common expectation of people when it comes to life. And this puts forward higher requirements for popular science innovation. Of course, the first thing to innovate in popular science is to update the ideas and contents of popular science in a timely manner, and to inform the public of the ever-changing achievements of scientific and technological development in an easy-to-understand way. At the same time, it also means the innovation of the forms and means of science popularization. Adding elements of literature and art is the proper meaning of the title_ _ The older generation of scientific workers are very good at borrowing the power of literature and art. For example, when we read Mr. Zhu Kezhen's popular science articles such as hurricane and cloud, we will be impressed by his accurate and vivid words.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'How to take into account the innovation of the content and form of popular science is a top priority' is the most appropriate to fill in the horizontal part of the painting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2219, "premise": "The sequelae of digital technology refers to the decline of memory or cognitive ability caused by overuse and dependence on digital products.", "hypothesis": "Ms. Zhang heard from her friends many times that she could also buy financial products directly on her mobile phone, so she downloaded a financial APP. Unexpectedly, she went to a phishing website and was cheated of more than 30000 yuan is a legacy of the sequelae of digital technology.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13161, "premise": "It is a given that to be an intriguing person, one must be able to inspire the perpetual curiosity of others. Constantly broadening one' s abilities and extending one' s intellectual reach will enable one to inspire that curiosity. For such a perpetual expansion of one' s mind makes it impossible to be fully comprehended, making one a constant mystery to others.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn in the argument is that if one constantly broadens one's abilities and extends one's intellectual reach, one will be able to inspire the perpetual curiosity of others.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8094, "premise": "In recent years, the state has made efforts to reduce drug prices from the production, circulation and sales of drugs. However, many patients feel puzzled that, on the one hand, the national policy to reduce drug prices is constantly introduced, on the other hand, the prices of many common drugs are rising.", "hypothesis": "The policy of reducing drug price can effectively control the drug price increase caused by the price increase of pharmaceutical raw materials in the drug market best explains this phenomenon.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11195, "premise": "The more sunlight our planet reflects back into space, the cooler the global atmosphere tends to become. Snow and ice reflect much more sunlight back into space than do ocean water or land without snow cover. Ttherefore, the greater the area of Earth' s surface that is covered with snow and ice, the cooler, on average, the global atmosphere is likely to become.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Lighter-colored soil reflects more sunlight back into space than does darker-colored soil' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11006, "premise": "To act responsibly in one' s professional capacity, one must act on the basis of information that one has made a reasonable effort to make sure is accurate and complete.", "hypothesis": "Toril did not act responsibly in investing the company's money in Twicycled Ink, for, though the investment yielded a large return, she had not investigated the risks associated with that investment is a judgment that most closely conforms to the principle cited above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6268, "premise": "Dante said: morality can often fill the defects of people's wisdom, but wisdom can't fill the defects of morality.", "hypothesis": "The correct understanding of the above sentence is that in a sense, morality is more important to people than wisdom.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8559, "premise": "Cornell University in the United States has studied the tongues of obese and normal mice and found that eating a diet high in fat can reduce the number of taste buds. Taste buds are structures on the tongue, including about 100 cells. After the mice gained weight, the rate of death of mature taste buds became faster, while the growth rate of new cells became slower. The loss of taste buds can lead to dull taste, which makes it difficult for obese people to eat a certain diet, because if they want to taste the same delicacy as normal people with 25% more taste buds than they do, they have to eat heavier food. This means eating more sugar, fat and calories.", "hypothesis": "The serious harm of overeating a high-fat diet is intended to describe this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14562, "premise": "Professor: One cannot frame an accurate conception of one' s physical environment on the basis of a single momentary perception, since each such glimpse occurs from only one particular perspective. Similarly, any history book gives only a distorted view of the past, since it reflects the biases and prejudices of its author.", "hypothesis": "The professor's argument proceeds by arguing that a type of human cognition is unreliable in one instance because it has been shown to be unreliable under similar circumstances.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8764, "premise": "Some good things are not cheap. Therefore, not all cheap things are good things.", "hypothesis": "Some southerners are not Cantonese. Therefore, not all Cantonese are southerners is not valid for the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1482, "premise": "After the conquest of the Mediterranean world, the increase in wealth, changes in economic structure and the influx of foreign ideas made the Romans start to feel at a loss. The pursuit of value showed a bizarre scene. The vast majority of Romans abandoned traditional social virtues and pursued happiness. Doctrine philosophy, worship of money, greed for ease, indulge in food and color, the Roman nation gradually drifted away from traditional virtues in the value orientation of life. After the formation of the Roman Empire, the traditional virtues that the Romans were proud of disappeared, and morality was disintegrated. This led to the decline and fall of the Roman Empire.", "hypothesis": "The main point of this passage is that the Roman nation once possessed traditional virtues.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10729, "premise": "In view of the considerable length of the police chief' s tenure as head of the department, the chief should be held accountable for the widespread corruption in the department. That no evidence was discovered that the chief was involved in any way in the corruption does not allow us to escape this conclusion.", "hypothesis": "The principle that any supervisor who knowingly tolerates widespread corruption among his or her subordinates should be held accountable most helps to justify the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7065, "premise": "In recent years, the music curriculum in primary and secondary schools in China has not received enough attention in many areas, and the content of teaching materials can not keep pace with the times. Some music teachers only pay attention to skill training and ignore the main purpose of music education. The first thing should be Building Morality and determination. Before teaching students a music work, teachers should first understand the moral thought expressed in it, Then we should carry out positive education on students' body and mind in various forms. As music teachers, we should take this as our own responsibility to make children really love music and plant a healthy seed of truth, goodness and beauty in their hearts.", "hypothesis": "The paragraph is intended to emphasize that music education should pay attention to the moral education of works.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11059, "premise": "Salespeople always steer customers toward products from which they make their highest commissions, and all salespeople in major health stores work on commission. Hence, when you buy vitamin supplements in a major health store, you can be sure that the claims the salespeople make about the quality of the products are inaccurate.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the argument infers that some claims are inaccurate solely on the basis of the source of those claims.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2139, "premise": "Emotional advertising is an advertising strategy that appeals to consumers' emotions or emotional responses to convey the added value or emotional satisfaction brought to them by the product. The value of this emotion in the minds of consumers may far exceed the value of the product itself, so that Consumers form a positive brand attitude. According to the above definition,", "hypothesis": "The slogan of a brand of body lotion: For the skin to be soft and moisturizing, please use  times body lotion is not emotional advertising.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4117, "premise": "Five people, A, B, C, D, and E were traveling by high-speed rail. They happened to sit in the same row of seats A, B, C, D, and F. Known: (1) If one of A or B is sitting In Block C, then C is sitting in Block B; (2) If E is sitting in Block C, then D is sitting in Block F.", "hypothesis": "If D is sitting in B, then E is sitting in F can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6892, "premise": "Corn is an important food crop and a high-yield and high-quality feed. It has now become the main raw material of the feed industry. At present, there are more than 500 processed products made from corn. Corn starch can be directly eaten or processed into Sugars, alcohol, acetic acid, acetone, butanol and other chemical products can also be used in textile, paper, medicine, wine and other industries. The fat in the embryo accounts for more than 85% of the oil content of the grain, and it is extracted from the embryo. Corn oil becomes a high-quality edible oil and can be made into margarine.", "hypothesis": "The text intended to illustrate the development of agricultural technology has broadened the market for corn lamp agricultural products.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11268, "premise": "Energy analyst: During this record-breaking heat wave, air conditioner use has overloaded the region' s electrical power grid, resulting in frequent power blackouts throughout the region. For this reason, residents have been asked to cut back voluntarily on air conditioner use in their homes. But even if this request is heeded, blackouts will probably occur unless the heat wave abates.", "hypothesis": "Air-conditioning is not the only significant drain on the electrical system in the area most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy in the information above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13654, "premise": "City council member: Demand for electricity has been increasing by 1. 5 percent a year, and there simply is no more space to build additional power plants to meet future demand increases. We must ttherefore begin to curtail usage, which is why I propose passing ordinances requiring energy-conservation measures in all city departments.", "hypothesis": "The city council member's proposal assumes that existing power plants do not have the capacity to handle all of the projected increase in demand for electricity.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12488, "premise": "Inventor: All highly successful entrepreneurs have as their main desire the wish to leave a mark on the world. Highly successful entrepreneurs are unique in that whenever they see a solution to a problem, they implement that idea. All other people see solutions to problems but are too interested in leisure time or job security to always have the motivation to implement their ideas.", "hypothesis": "The main desire of all people who implement solutions whenever they detect them is to leave a mark on the world must also be true if the inventor's statements are true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 517, "premise": "Element refers to more than 100 basic metallic and non-metallic substances in nature. They are composed of one atom. Each nucleus in its atom has the same number of protons, which cannot be decomposed by general chemical methods, and can form all substances. Atom is an inseparable basic particle in chemical reaction. Atom is inseparable in chemical reaction, but in physical state, it is composed of atomic nucleus and electrons moving around the nucleus. Molecules are composed of atoms. It is the name of a basic particle that constitutes matter. It is a particle that exists alone and maintains the smallest chemical properties.", "hypothesis": "Atoms with different numbers of protons are not the same kind of elements is correct according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12395, "premise": "Vanwilligan: Some have argued that professional athletes receive unfairly high salaries. But in an unrestricted free market, such as the market these athletes compete in, salaries are determined by what someone else is willing to pay for their services. These athletes make enormous profits for their teams' owners, and that is why owners are willing to pay them extraordinary salaries. Thus the salaries they receive are fair.", "hypothesis": "Vanwilligan's conclusion follows logically if the assumption that 'If professional athletes were paid less for their services, then the teams for which they play would not make as much money' is made.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1412, "premise": "School is the main channel to spread knowledge, but it is not the only one. It is important to learn book knowledge, but it is also important to learn in practice. No scientist learns his knowledge entirely from school, and no scientist learns his knowledge entirely from books.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that one can't practice everything to acquire knowledge, and there's no need to do that.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11523, "premise": "Environment minister: Many countries have signed an international agreement that is intended to reduce pollution in the world' s oceans. While conformity to this agreement probably would significantly reduce pollution in the world' s oceans, it would also probably reduce economic growth in our country and others. Ttherefore, our country should not sign the agreement.", "hypothesis": "The principle that when deciding whether to sign an agreement, a country should consider the agreement's effects on other countries' economies as well as on its own economy would most help to justify the environment minister's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5258, "premise": "In a coordinated society, the society imposes restrictions on individual tendencies, so that everyone can vaguely feel the great restrictions on achieving personal aspirations. In this way, all members of society have a common goal, and the society can be stable and orderly. Disrupt the social order, the society's control of the individual's wishes will become invalid, and the society will let individuals do their own things. Durkheim calls this anomie.", "hypothesis": "Zhang San registered on the Internet and his information was leaked is an anomie behavior.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1859, "premise": "The tilted Phoenix eyes of yellow people may be related to the windy sand in central Asia, because this structure can protect the eyes. Just like white people's hair is flaxen and a little transparent, it is easy to make the scalp absorb the heat of the sun, thus adapting to the cold at high latitudes.While black hair is darker and more curly, which helps block the heat from the sun and protect the brain.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that human appearance protects human beings.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1743, "premise": "In the past two years, with the continuous sharp rise in the prices of energy resource products in the international market and the rising production costs of the manufacturing industry, the prices of all kinds of manufactured products with fierce competition in the international market have also begun to rise gradually. price increases begin to pass from upstream to downstream. At the same time, the price rise in the international commodity market has also begun to pass on to various countries, especially the sharp rise in the prices of energy and agricultural products has gradually played a significant role in promoting the rise of the consumer price index of various countries.", "hypothesis": "", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3443, "premise": "It should be noted that a few people rely on consciousness and most people rely on policy. If various social problems are attributed to the lack of conscience, there is a suspicion of logic inversion and cognitive dislocation. Many problems are the lack of law leading to the lack of morality, not the opposite. If the supervision and punishment mechanism can be strictly implemented, the poisoning impulse of food producers can be effectively restrained: if the system is sound, good people will bleed and no longer cry, The innate conscience hidden in the hearts of the people can be transformed into practical acts of bravery.", "hypothesis": "If conscience cannot be turned into action, it shows that the system still needs to be improved can be inferred from the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10368, "premise": "There are six singers: F, G, L, K, H, M. Three piano accompaniment: X, Y, W. Each piano accompanist happens to accompany two of the singers. The known conditions are as follows: (1) if X accompanies F, W accompanies L. (2) if X does not accompany G, Y accompanies M. (3) X or Y to accompany H. (4) F and G do not share the same accompanist; L and K do not share the accompanist; H and M do not share the accompanist.", "hypothesis": "If X accompanies L and H, then F and M must be accompanied by the same accompanist.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10365, "premise": "There are 6 pieces of blue and white porcelain: S, Y, M, Q, K, X. The age of each piece is different, and the exhibition is sorted from the earliest to the latest from left to right. The known conditions are as follows: (1) the age of M is earlier than that of X. (2) if the age of Y is earlier than that of M, then the age of Q is earlier than that of K and X. (3) if the age of M is earlier than that of Y, then the age of K is earlier than that of Q and X. (4) the age of S is either earlier than Y or M, and it can't have both.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The age of S is earlier than that of K' may be true if X is older than S.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11665, "premise": "Heern: I object to the mayor' s proposal that taxicabs pick up and drop off passengers only at designated stops. This proposal aims to reduce traffic jams and accidents, but if the mayor herself were affected by such a law, she would oppose it. Thus the proposal is without merit.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Heern's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that this argument focuses on the mayor's preferences instead of addressing the merits of the proposal.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14373, "premise": "Legislator: My staff conducted a poll in which my constituents were asked whether they favor high taxes. More than 97 percent answered no.  Clearly, then, my constituents would support the bill I recently introduced, which reduces the corporate income tax.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the legislator's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument fails to establish that the opinions of the legislator's constituents are representative of the opinions of the country's population as a whole.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7293, "premise": "In the face of the increasingly fierce international competition in the development of science and technology in the world, only by putting science and technology on the strategic position of giving priority to development, doing solid work and catching up with others can we grasp the opportunity and win the initiative of development.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"We urgently need a solid scientific foundation and strong technical support\" can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10789, "premise": "The similarity between ichthyosaurs and fish is an example of convergence, a process by which different classes of organisms adapt to the same environment by independently developing one or more similar external body features. Ichthyosaurs were marine reptiles and thus do not belong to the same class of organisms as fish. However, ichthyosaurs adapted to their marine environment by converging on external body features similar to those of fish. Most strikingly, ichthyosaurs, like fish, had fins.", "hypothesis": "An inference that can be properly drawn on the basis of the statements above is that an organism does not necessarily belong to a class simply because the organism has one or more external body features similar to those of members of that class.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9908, "premise": "Archaeologists from the University of York and the University of Manchester in England have found the remains of a human house with a history of more than 10,000 years in Starka, North Yorkshire. Dating results show that it is a round wooden hut about 3.5 meters high, which existed in 8500 BC and is at least 500 years earlier than the oldest house previously found in Britain. Archaeologists also found a wooden platform and the trunk of a well-preserved tree nearby. In addition, they also found ornaments of processed antlers, indicating that people at that time already had some ceremonial activities.", "hypothesis": "Only when ceremonial activities are held will the ornaments of processed antlers appear, if true, can best support the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9629, "premise": "Benign conflict refers to the management strategy that managers try to turn minor conflicts within the enterprise into cohesion and promote the development of the enterprise.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Xu and Mr. Jing are a pair of old partners in a certain company who often disagree and do not give way to each other on some major decision-making issues, but they can always reach an agreement in the end. Under their leadership, the company's performance has improved steadily is the benign conflict.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7573, "premise": "A public service advertisement advises people not to drive after drinking until you feel safe to drive. However, in a study conducted in a hospital, subjects who were questioned immediately after drinking often underestimated what they need to regain their driving ability.  This result shows that it is difficult for people who drink before driving to follow the advice of this ad.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Ordinary people are more alert to public service advertisements than hospital research subjects' can most strongly support the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14660, "premise": "Police captain: The chief of police has indicated that gifts of cash or objects valued at more than $100 count as graft. However, I know with certainty that no officer in my precinct has ever taken such gifts, so the recent accusations of graft in my precinct are unfounded.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the police captain's argument is most vulnerable to criticism on the grounds that the argument takes for granted that if the accusations of graft are unfounded, so is any accusation of corruption.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1325, "premise": "In recent years, with the rapid development of Microblog, Wechat and other online social media, rumors about food have become rampant, which has brought great trouble to people's daily life. It is expected to crack the current situation of food rumors flying all over the world, improve and improve the platform and mechanism of food safety reporting, and incorporate the reporting mechanism into the intelligent early warning processing platform of food rumors, so as to carry out closed-loop management on the governance of food rumors, so as to truly establish consumers' confidence in food safety.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis is on the importance of paying attention to the reporting platform and corresponding mechanism in order to control food safety rumors.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11021, "premise": "At many electronics retail stores, the consumer has the option of purchasing product warranties that extend beyond the manufacturer' s warranty. However, consumers are generally better off not buying extended warranties. Most problems with electronic goods occur within the period covered by the manufacturer' s warranty.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Problems with electronic goods that occur after the manufacturer's warranty expires are generally inexpensive to fix in comparison with the cost of an extended warranty' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1718, "premise": "Scientists have found that birds' wings, while not as rigid as those of airplanes, are better able to adapt to different weather conditions, especially harsh ones, because they are able to stretch freely and adapt to changes in airflow. Taking a cue from nature, NASA scientists are working on wings that can bend and deform. The idea is that at high speeds, the plane's deformed wings are tucked back slightly to reduce drag and turbulence. As the plane slows down, the wings automatically extend forward to help it land faster and more smoothly. But deforming a wing is no easy task. The key is to create a deformable wing using special smart materials that flex and stretch automatically when exposed to external air pressure and stimulation. Among them, the wing material made of memory alloy can make the airplane wing change into a special shape in a certain air environment; Another important smart material is piezoelectric ceramics, which can respond sensitively to changes in voltage, temperature and other environmental factors. Scientists say such planes with flexible wings are at least 20 years away. At that time, our planes will become more intelligent, comfortable and safe, like all kinds of birds to adapt to various environments and fly freely.", "hypothesis": "In the future, airplanes will fly freely like birds adapted to various environments can most accurately repeat the above passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 72, "premise": "The Matthew effect refers to a phenomenon in which the good is better, the bad is worse, the more is more, and the less is less.", "hypothesis": "The more talents a place has, the more attractive it is to talents; conversely, the scarcer the recognized talents are does not belong to the Matthew Effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7583, "premise": "The separation of government and enterprises refers to the distinction between ownership and the right of management, and the return to enterprises of many functions and powers of the competent government departments at all levels in direct management of the production and operation of enterprises, so that the government's economic management focus has changed from micro to macro economic system reform.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The government mainly does a good job in overall planning, providing services, inspection and supervision, and enterprises operate independently and are responsible for their own profits and losses' is in line with the separation of government and enterprises.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8024, "premise": "I picked up the book the urchin at the Crossroads several times and put it down again and again, because every now and then there were pictures of urchins I met during my 18 years of teaching. Interestingly, what other students solidify in my memory is picture-image, while they are video-story. The memory of their teachers is much larger than that of other children.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of this passage is that naughty students left a more vivid impression on me.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1050, "premise": "The first cognition effect refers to that in the process of social cognition, the information first input through the first impression has a significant impact on the object's subsequent cognition. The first impression has the strongest effect and lasts for a long time, which is stronger than the later information for the whole impression of things.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang, who had just graduated, encountered many obstacles in the process of looking for a job. After consulting professionals, she learned that she was not mature enough because she dyed red hair does not relate to the first cognition effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7136, "premise": "There are four people, they are thieves, robbers, judges and policemen. The first man said, the second man is not a thief. the second man said, the third man is a policeman. the third man said, the fourth man is not a judge. the fourth man said, I am not a policeman, and only the police will tell the truth except me.", "hypothesis": "If the fourth person is telling the truth, the second man is a robber and the third man is a thief.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10172, "premise": "Since 1993, sandstorms have frequently occurred in Inner Mongolia, causing great economic losses. Some people think that sandstorm is caused by grassland degradation and desertification due to climate drought. It is a natural disaster, so it is inevitable.", "hypothesis": "The increase in sandstorms is mainly caused by human factors such as overgrazing and predatory management of grasslands would challenge the above statement, except if it is true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2718, "premise": "Five of A, B, C, D and E of a company like to travel abroad. Last year, in Japan, South Korea, the United Kingdom and France, each of them traveled to two of these countries, and there were always 2-3 of them in each country. It is known that: (1) if A goes to Korea, D will not go to England. (2) C and E always travel abroad together last year. (3)  and B only travel to European countries.", "hypothesis": "A went to Japan can be inferred if the total number of trips by five people to European countries is as large as that to Asian countries.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10059, "premise": "There are four assertions about a criminal case: (1) there is evidence that Chen Hu did not commit the crime; (2) the perpetrator is either Wang Guang, Chen Hu, or Zhu Tong; (3) there is also evidence that Wang Guang didn't commit to crime; (4) The TV screen showed that at the time of the crime, Zhu Tong was in the audience of a football game far away from the crime scene.", "hypothesis": "At least one of the above assertions is false is a correct description of the four assertions in the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4191, "premise": "Professor Zhang is a member of the Committee on Academic Ethics and Academic Integrity, so online criticism of his academic misconduct cannot be true.", "hypothesis": "There will be no academic misconduct on the part of any member of the Committee on Academic Ethics and Academic Integrity is correct, and the above conclusion is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2910, "premise": "All of Mr. Sun's friends claimed that they knew that someone had smoked at least two packs of cigarettes a day for 40 years, but he had been in good health, but what is certain is that Mr. Sun did not know that there was such a person among his friends. There are also people who don't know like Mr. Sun.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, it is most likely that some of Mr. Sun's friends didn't tell the truth.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6428, "premise": "The tendency of mediocrity in spiritual life is a prominent phenomenon in our real life, which is mainly manifested in the following aspects: lack of spiritual goal, neither traditional support nor ideal guidance; the expansion of utilitarian consciousness leads to the lack of true feelings between people; the mass consumption culture that resorts to the senses is rampant, and the serious culture of the soul is in a dilemma.", "hypothesis": "As the spiritual life tends to be mediocre, it is easy for people to have a sense of loss is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9607, "premise": "Text is the soul of calligraphy. The bookish style and artistic style of calligraphy are closely related to the humanistic spirit behind the text. Calligraphy with the absence of text is incomplete calligraphy. As for the judgment of the value of calligraphy, although it has been adjusted to a certain extent in traditional culture and modern culture, the culture of calligraphy has not been shaken at all. The art of calligraphy has always assumed the function of carrying Tao. The calligraphy classics represented by the Preface to the Collection of Orchid Pavilion and manuscripts for nephews are the products of pen and ink and rhetoric, which contain national feelings, national character and humanistic spirit, and embody the calligrapher's cultural accomplishment and artistic accomplishment.", "hypothesis": "Almost all the excellent calligraphy works are legal posts of excellent texts does not match the meaning of the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9951, "premise": "From the Achilles Monkey, the researchers found many characteristics of the great ape. For example, a bone on its heel is short and wide. In addition, the Achilles monkey has a small eye socket, which scientists speculate that it, like the ancestors of early apes, was active during the day.", "hypothesis": "Animals that are mainly nocturnal have larger eyes can best support the above scientists' conjecture if true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8122, "premise": "As temperatures rise, so does the chance that tropical rainforests will be struck by lightning and start fires. However, current monitoring shows that although the American rainforest is hit by lightning more frequently, it does not cause more forest fires. The researchers believe that this may have something to do with the large increase in the number of vines in the rainforest in recent years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The stem of the vine has less resistance relative to the branch and can conduct lightning like a lightning rod on a building, allowing most of the current to flow from its own stem' can best support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10570, "premise": "A committee works for two years and is composed of 4 members each year, 2 of which are from the following 4 judges: F, G, H and I, and the other 2 members are from the following 3 scientists: V, Y and Z. Each year, the committee is chaired by one member. A member who chairs the first year must retire from the committee during the second year. The person who chairs the second year must be a member of the committee during the first year. The committee members must meet the following conditions: G and V cannot be members of the committee in the same year. H and Y cannot be members of this committee in the same year. Each year, only one of I and V is a member of this committee.", "hypothesis": "I was a member of the committee for two years must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10035, "premise": "Harbin people are all northerners, and some Harbin people are not workers.", "hypothesis": "If the above proposition is correct, then some workers must also be northerners.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10352, "premise": "Among the pilots who joined the state-run airlines more than a decade ago, those who later transferred to private airlines now usually earn more than one million yuan a year, while those who remain in state-run airlines generally earn no more than 600000 yuan a year. These figures show that pilots at state-run airlines are underpaid.", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis 'If the pilots who still stay in the state-run airlines also choose to go to private airlines, their annual salary will be more than 1 million yuan' is required by the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12731, "premise": "In response to viral infection, the immune systems of mice typically produce antibodies that destroy the virus by binding to proteins on its surface. Mice infected with the herpesvirus generally develop keratitis, a degenerative disease affecting part of the eye. Since proteins on the surface of cells in this part of the eye closely resemble those on the herpesvirus surface, scientists hypothesize that these cases of keratitis are caused by antibodies to the herpesvirus.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Mice infected with a new strain of the herpesvirus that has different surface proteins did not develop keratitis' most helps to support the scientists' reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4793, "premise": "When the local government stipulates that the minimum wage standard in the region is not less than 800 yuan per month. Some people think that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is easy to achieve, but the labor department believes that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is not too high, but it is implemented It is not that easy to get up, so this view that it can meet the standard is wrong.", "hypothesis": "Certainly some workers' wages do not reach the minimum wage of 800 yuan must be a fact if the labor department's comment is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 726, "premise": "Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization save the earth. Due to his serious illness, he can't volunteer for the World Expo in Shanghai, while other members of the organization have obtained the qualification of volunteers for the World Expo in Shanghai", "hypothesis": "If someone is a volunteer of Shanghai World Expo news and a member of save the earth, he must not be Xiao Liu can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6318, "premise": "Neutrino is a kind of basic particle, which plays a very important role in the macro origin and evolution of the universe. Because it has no mass and no charge, and the interaction with other substances is extremely weak, the motion trajectory of neutrino will not change. Those neutrinos from the distant universe, from the edge of black holes or from the birthplace of cosmic rays can tell human beings where sources are and can even help us explore the black hole.", "hypothesis": "The best title for this paragraph is Neutrinos: messengers of the universe.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12147, "premise": "In a recent study, a group of subjects had their normal daily caloric intake increased by 25 percent. This increase was entirely in the form of alcohol. Another group of similar subjects had alcohol replace nonalcoholic sources of 25 percent of their normal daily caloric intake. All subjects gained body fat over the course of the study, and the amount of body fat gained was the same for both groups.", "hypothesis": "Body fat gain is not dependent solely on the number of calories one consumes is most strongly supported by the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12901, "premise": "Certain minor peculiarities of language are used unconsciously by poets. If such peculiarities appear in the works of more than one poet, they are likely to reflect the language in common use during the poets' time. However, if they appear in the work of only one poet, they are likely to be personal idiosyncrasies. As such, they can provide a kind of fingerprint that allows scholars, by comparing a poem of previously unknown authorship to the work of a particular known poet, to identify the poem as the work of that poet.", "hypothesis": "A peculiarity of language in a poem of unknown authorship could be evidence either that the poem was written by the one author known to use that peculiarity or that the peculiarity was not unique to that author is the reason why the test described above can never provide conclusive proof of the authorship of any poem.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4527, "premise": "One scientist criticized the fear of chemical additives. Food labels can be scary if they have too many additives. But additives and preservatives are strictly controlled and measured. The real concern is the sugar and fat content of the food. Preservatives are beneficial. Obviously, we'd all rather eat a well-preserved can than die from botulism.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The key of food safety lies in the strict control of the kind and quantity of food additives' does not support the scientist's view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7200, "premise": "A person summed up the legendary experience of Bill Gates and Dale and found that the secret to their success was dropping out of college.", "hypothesis": "The relationship between dropping out of college and success that is believed by that person is that dropping out of college leads to the success of a person.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5081, "premise": "Alcohol advertisements often tell people that it's OK to drink less alcohol. Controlling the amount of alcohol may also be good for the heart.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The content of resveratrol and antioxidants in red wine is limited' weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5894, "premise": "If sponsors of the Olympic Games want to achieve commercial success through the Olympics, it is not enough to simply add five rings on their business cards or set up tents to attract tourists. For the past 15 years, as a global sponsor of the Olympic Games, VISA International Organizations believe that in order to effectively use this world's largest sports and cultural event, it is not just an event that simply throws money into the Olympic flame.", "hypothesis": "To achieve commercial success through sponsorship of the Olympic Games, effective marketing is also required can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11113, "premise": "According to promotional material published by the city of Springfield, more tourists stay in hotels in Springfield than stay in the neighboring city of Harristown. A brochure from the largest hotel in Harristown claims that more tourists stay in that hotel than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel in Springfield. If both of these sources are accurate, however, the Report on Tourism for the region must be in error in stating that __.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'More tourists stay in hotels in Harristown than stay in the Royal Arms Hotel' most logically completes the argument below.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6094, "premise": "In translation, literal translation focuses on the faithfulness to the original text, while free translation focuses on the smoothness of the tone of the translation. People hold their own opinions on which translation method is the most appropriate. In my opinion, the difference between literal translation and free translation should not exist at all. A faithful translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible. Thoughts, feelings and language are consistent and change with each other. There is only one accurate statement for a meaning, another statement, Therefore, if you want to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible, you must try to maintain the sentence organization of the original text. Therefore, literal translation cannot be free translation, and free translation cannot be literal translation.", "hypothesis": "In this passage, the author believes that in translation, the influence of the translator's personal style should be minimized.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4125, "premise": "Industrial structure policy: refers to the policy formulated by the government to promote the adjustment, optimization and upgrading of the country's industrial structure within a certain period of time.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, implementing 3C certification for certain industrial products is not an industrial structure policy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12342, "premise": "Producer: It has been argued that, while the government should not censor television shows, the public should boycott the advertisers of shows that promote violence and erode our country' s values. But this would be censorship nonetheless, for if the public boycotted the advertisers, then they would cancel their advertisements, causing some shows to go off the air; the result would be a restriction of the shows that the public can watch.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that 'Any action that leads to a restriction of what the public can view is censorship' is necessary to properly infer the producer's conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8466, "premise": "Employee green behavior refers to a series of behaviors shown by employees in an organization aimed at protecting the ecological environment and reducing the negative impact of personal activities on the natural environment. These behaviors are an important supplement to the formal green management plan of the organization, can improve the efficiency of the green management measures of the organization, and are ultimately conducive to the sustainable development of the environment.", "hypothesis": "The department manager often using waste paper to print some informal documents belongs to employee green behavior according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14862, "premise": "When permits for the discharge of chemicals into a waterway are issued, they are issued in terms of the number of pounds of each chemical that can be discharged into the waterway per day. These figures, calculated separately for each chemical for which a permit is issued, are based on an estimate of the effect of the dilution of the chemical by the amount of water flowing through the waterway. The waterway is ttherefore protected against being adversely affected by chemicals discharged under the permits.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that there are no chemicals for which discharge into waterways is entirely prohibited is required by the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7620, "premise": "Manager: Xiao Zhang, why are you always late for work this week? Xiao Zhang: manager, don;t just stare at me! Xiao Li sometimes arrives later than I do!", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Passenger: master, why are you still talking on your cell phone while driving? Driver: What are you shouting about! It pissed me off. Are you responsible for the safety of a busload of people?' is the most different from the above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1405, "premise": "Many ethnic groups in the world are facing the loss of the right to speak their mother tongue on the world stage and have to rely on the West to make up for the spoken and written language, so that their own culture is gradually weakened.", "hypothesis": "The point that we cannot be attached to the West in terms of language and words can be demonstrated by this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3865, "premise": "Underwater cultural heritage refers to all cultural, historical or archaeological remains of human existence partially or wholly located underwater, periodically or continuously, for at least 100 years.", "hypothesis": "The archaeological remains of a Neolithic culture found on the Greek island of Crete between 10,000 and 3300 BC belongs to underwater cultural heritage according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13903, "premise": "Columnist: Donating items to charity may be a sign of generosity, but any generosity it may demonstrate is rarely a permanent virtue, since most donors make donations only intermittently.", "hypothesis": "The argument generalizes from too small a sample of cases accurately describes a flaw in the columnist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10622, "premise": "In a recent study, one group of participants watched video recordings of themselves running on treadmills, and a second group watched recordings of other people running on treadmills. When contacted later, participants in the first group reported exercising, on average, 1 hour longer each day than did the other participants. This shows that watching a recording of yourself exercising can motivate you to exercise more.", "hypothesis": "In another study, people who watched recordings of themselves lifting weights exercised for more time each day than did people who watched recordings of themselves running most weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1874, "premise": "Trees can grow to towering clouds but still green, relying on xylem ducts to transport water absorbed by the roots all the way to the treetops. According to the latest research results, botanists warn that drought in some areas caused by climate change will not only threaten the supply of groundwater, but also damage the ability of xylem to transport water, thus putting forests at risk. Under dry conditions, trees try to suck water out of the ground, and in the process, too many bubbles are sucked into the xylem, the researchers said. When these bubbles are clogged in the ducts, they block the water supply and kill the trees for lack of water.", "hypothesis": "According to this passage, the latest research result is that humid climate conditions are more conducive to the growth of towering trees.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5332, "premise": "Harmony is the unity of diversity and the organic combination of opposing elements, whether it is seen from its etymological meaning or from its philosophical ontology.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The Six Laws can form pleasant music only by harmony according to the law' does not belong to the expression of the meaning of harmony in philosophy according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1657, "premise": "Psychological contract refers to the implicit unspecified responsibilities and expectations of each other between the individual and the organization.", "hypothesis": "Combined with the development blueprint of the enterprise, providing employees with career design is a measure to establish a psychological contract.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2135, "premise": "In the process of interpersonal communication, appearance is the easiest attribute to observe. Compared with ordinary people, attractive individuals are often considered to have higher abilities, more positive personality characteristics and better Interpersonal relationships, even income levels and personal happiness index will be relatively high. At work, when the same task is completed by different people, customers usually give a relatively high evaluation of the service quality of good-looking employees.", "hypothesis": "Providing the author's photo when publishing an article can improve readers' evaluation of the quality of the article can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3645, "premise": "Intentional attribution bias means that when the situation is unknown, aggressive people often predict that others are hostile to themselves and always interpret the actions of others as intentional and hostile.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhao's belief that Lao Li was deliberately sarcastic when he encouraged him to run for community secretary belongs to intentional attribution bias according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9098, "premise": "China has implemented the etiquette of not marrying with the same surname since the Zhou Dynasty. Qu Li said: the same surname is the clan, and there is the meaning of gathering people of the whole clan, so it is based on the surname.... Even though it has been a hundred generations since their ancestors, they are still not allowed to intermarry.  Guoyu said, when you take a wife, you should avoid her with the same surname. He also said, if you don't marry with the same surname, evil doesn't come into being. From this point of view, the ancients of our country have long understood the principle of eugenics in modern genetics, otherwise they would not have realized the harmfulness of next-of-kin marriage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The etiquette of not marrying with the same surname encourages the intermarriage of different clans, and the intermarriage of different clans promotes the integration of different ethnic groups' weakens the author's explanation of unmarried with the same surname.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6342, "premise": "In adolescence, we express our happiness, anger, sorrow, and happiness through our interactions with our peers, and promote emotional communication, so that we can be accepted, understood, cared, and loved by others, especially in intimate communication, and make people feel ourselves. There are friends and people who can be attached to.", "hypothesis": "The important role of interpersonal communication on youth psychology is mainly described.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10692, "premise": "Consumer advocate: A recent study concluded that top-loading washing machines are superior overall to front-loaders. But front-loaders have the controls and access in front. This is more convenient for wheelchair users, some of whom find it highly inconvenient to remove laundry from top-loaders. So for some consumers front-loaders are superior.", "hypothesis": "An assumption upon which the consumer advocate's argument depends is that for some consumers the convenience of front-loaders outweighs the advantages of top-loaders in assessing which is superior.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7723, "premise": "Temporary assistance refers to emergency and transitional assistance provided by relevant government departments when families or individuals encounter emergencies, accidental injuries, major diseases and other changes, and their basic lives are in trouble.", "hypothesis": "Lao Zhang's temporary living arrangement in a small house rented for him by the street office is an example of temporary assistance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11613, "premise": "Sonya: Anyone who lives without constant awareness of the fragility and precariousness of human life has a mind clouded by illusion. Yet those people who are perpetually cognizant of the fragility and precariousness of human life surely taint their emotional outlook on existence.", "hypothesis": "Sonya's statements, if true, most strongly support the statement that either no one has a tainted emotional outlook on existence, or no one has a mind clouded by illusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8810, "premise": "Koreans love sauerkraut, and Cuihua loves sauerkraut, so Cuihua is Korean.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'All walking animals have legs, and tables have legs, so tables are walking animals' most clearly reveals the absurdity of the above reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10930, "premise": "One way to judge the performance of a company is to compare it with other companies. This technique, commonly called benchmarking,  permits the manager of a company to discover better industrial practices and can provide a justification for the adoption of good practices.", "hypothesis": "Any of the following, if true, is a valid reason for benchmarking the performance of a company against companies with which it is not in competition rather than against competitors EXCEPT: Much of the success of good companies is due to their adoption of practices that take advantage of the special circumstances of their products or markets.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14333, "premise": "A society can achieve a fair distribution of resources only under conditions of economic growth. There can be no economic growth unless the society guarantees equality of economic opportunity to all of its citizens. Equality of economic opportunity cannot be guaranteed unless a society' s government actively works to bring it about.", "hypothesis": "If the statements given are true, it can be properly concluded from them that some societies that experience economic growth fail to guarantee equality of opportunity to all of their citizens.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13843, "premise": "Journal editor: Our treasurer advises that because of our precarious financial situation, we should change from a paper version to an online version only if doing so will not increase the cost of publication. The cost of converting from a paper version to an online version is high; however, once the conversion is made, the cost per issue is much lower for an online version. Since a benefactor has agreed to cover the costs of conversion, and since we can safely assume that our treasurer is right, we should change to an online version.", "hypothesis": "The journal editor's argument is flawed in that it treats meeting a necessary condition for changing from a paper to an online version as a sufficient reason for changing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14951, "premise": "Linguist: In English, the past is described as behind and the future ahead,  whereas in Aymara the past is ahead and the future behind.  Research indicates that English speakers sway backward when discussing the past and forward when discussing the future. Conversely, Aymara speakers gesture forward with their hands when discussing the past and backward when discussing the future. These bodily movements, ttherefore, suggest that the language one speaks affects how one mentally visualizes time.", "hypothesis": "The linguist's reasoning depends on assuming that how people move when discussing the future correlates to some extent with how they mentally visualize time.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1210, "premise": "Reading is a purely personal and very conscious thing. Reading itself is a very beautiful thing. In reading, the mind can consciously gallop in all kinds of time and space. By reading, people can think about the times and life. However, it pays too much attention to material life and despises spiritual life. It only stays in obtaining information without causing thinking, and its mentality is impetuous or thought collision in books, but now few people are really immersed in reading. They only read fragmented and superficial information from the network, and only stay in obtaining information without causing thinking. Nowadays, many books pay too much attention to pragmatism and emphasize the reading effect, such as if you practice XX in three months, you can be XX in 10 days.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above words is that pragmatism overemphasizes the effect of reading.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4787, "premise": "According to a recent survey, in recent years, among the high-income groups of foreign enterprises in the city (referring to the legal income of more than 120,000 annual salary), the number of returnees from foreign countries (referred to as returnees) accounted for 60%, which fully shows that the domestic It is extremely difficult for university graduates (referred to as local factions) to obtain high wages in foreign enterprises in the city.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Among the employed population in the city, the ratio of the number of returnees to local factions is about 6:4\" can best reinforce the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4007, "premise": "Occupational gene refers to each person's career direction, all because of their own temperament to match, this temperament is in interpersonal communication and the formation of a strong personal color of psychological cultivation.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Li becoming slow and orderly after two years as a doctor after graduation belongs to the theory of occupational gene.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5896, "premise": "The Interpol team needs to strengthen the anti-drug team. Regarding who in the team will participate in the team, the following opinions have been agreed: (1) If A participates, then B will also participate; (2) If C does not participate, then D will participate; (3) If A does not participate and C participates, then Captain E will participate; (4) Captain E and Deputy Captain B cannot both participate; (5) The superior decides that the deputy captain will participate.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above comments, A and B have participated.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10603, "premise": "Scientists attempting to replicate certain controversial results reported by a group of experienced researchers failed to get the same results as those reported. The conclusion drawn from this by the scientists who conducted the replication experiments was that the originally reported results had been due to faulty measurements.", "hypothesis": "The argument of the scientists who conducted the replication experiments assumes that the replication experiments were not so likely as the original experiments to be marred by faulty measurements.", "label": "entailment", "type": {}}
{"id": 13418, "premise": "A scholar discovered an unlabeled nineteenth-century recording of someone reciting a poem written by Walt Whitman. During the nineteenth century, recordings of poetry were not made for wide commercial sale. Rather, they were made either as rare private souvenirs of the voices of famous poets or else as publicity stunts, in which actors recorded poems that were familiar to the public. Since the Whitman poem in the recording was never even published, it is likely that the voice in the recording is actually Whitman' s.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by offering a general principle and then demonstrating that the general principle is violated in a particular case.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5445, "premise": "The law of diminishing marginal utility refers to the phenomenon that consumers gradually reduce their evaluation of goods with the increase of consumption.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Zhang ate 12 steamed stuffed buns in a row. When he ate the 13th steamed stuffed bun, he not only didn't feel hungry, but felt sick is in line with the law of diminishing marginal utility.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1930, "premise": "Whether it is Douyin's slogan record the good Life or Kuaishou's slogan record the World record you, all emphasize the recording function of short videos. In this sense, short videos have similar functions to documentaries. From a micro point of view, short video records only some fragmented content, but from a macro point of view, short video records the overall style of an era. Different from documentaries, the recording of short videos is a kind of jigsaw recording, which collages the fragmented records of ordinary individuals' moments of life, and records the overall style of an era from its rich and diverse perspectives.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis of this passage is that short videos record the overall style and features of an era.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12155, "premise": "A mathematical theorem proved by one mathematician should not be accepted until each step in its proof has been independently verified. Computer-assisted proofs generally proceed by conducting a vast number of calculations -- surveying all the possible types of instances in which the theorem could apply and proving that the theorem holds for each type. In most computer-assisted proofs there are astronomically many types of instances to survey, and no human being could review every step in the proof. Hence, computer-assisted proofs involving astronomically many types of instances should not be accepted.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the argument relies is that the use of the computer to assist in the proof of mathematical theorems has greatly simplified the mathematician's task.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12206, "premise": "Ambiguity inspires interpretation. The saying, We are the measure of all things,  for instance, has been interpreted by some people to imply that humans are centrally important in the universe, while others have interpreted it to mean simply that, since all knowledge is human knowledge, humans must rely on themselves to find the truth.", "hypothesis": "The claim that ambiguity inspires interpretation is compatible with either accepting or rejecting the argument's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10906, "premise": "The only way that bookstores can profitably sell books at below-market prices is to get the books at a discount from publishers. Unless bookstores generate a high sales volume, however, they cannot get discounts from publishers. To generate such volume, bookstores must either cater to mass tastes or have exclusive access to a large specialized market, such as medical textbooks, or both.", "hypothesis": "A bookstore that profitably sells books at below-market prices gets discounts from publishers can be properly inferred from the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8083, "premise": "Predictive intervention means that people are influenced by predicted information to take a certain behavior, resulting in a multi-possible outcome that actually develops in the direction indicated by the prediction.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the act of hostile country B media hyping up the general election in country A, believing that the M party's presidential candidate would be elected and resulting in many voters turning to support the N party's presidential candidate, is a predictive intervention.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11109, "premise": "I. Room air conditioners produced by Japanese manufacturers tend to be more reliable than those produced by United States manufacturers. II. The average lifetime of room air conditioners produced by United States manufacturers is about fifteen years, the same as that of room air conditioners produced by Japanese manufacturers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Reliability is a measure of how long a product functions without needing repair' would best reconcile the two statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6894, "premise": "Languages distributed in different places are used, and in the long-term development process, they have accumulated common or unique experiences in production and life. These experiences or knowledge systems are all condensed in the language. And each language group has a different understanding of the natural world. The aspects of human beings have reached different depths, forming a complementary distribution of cognitive structures. Together they constitute a broad and profound knowledge system of mankind.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate the experiences and knowledge systems of human groups vary in depth and breadth.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 177, "premise": "With the popularity of mobile devices, mobile phones and tablets (PAD) have gradually penetrated into people's lives. Many people have also changed from cannot do without TV to cannot do without mobile phones and PAD. Some people think that more use of computers will reduce the time people spend on TV. After all, time is limited, but surveys have shown that people who spend more time on computer do not reduce their time watching TV.", "hypothesis": "In order to verify the accuracy of the above survey results, the participants' so-called computer time including the time they use the computer at work should be considered most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1751, "premise": "Seeing a round of old spinning wagons in the corner of the room, the humming sound of sleepless night sounded in my ears; seeing the old loom, the past seemed to come to mind in the rhythm of weaving. Home textiles belong to The ancient traditional techniques, men farming and women weaving, are justified. Home-made cloth is often used as a dowry for rural girls and a testimony of their ingenuity. Peasant women sit by the loom and weave their colorful lives and dreams in earthen cloth as white as snow or flowers.", "hypothesis": "The main expression of this text is \"old things and folk customs, seeing things and feelings.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13006, "premise": "In the past the country of Malvernia has relied heavily on imported oil. Malvernia recently implemented a program to convert heating systems from oil to natural gas. Malvernia currently produces more natural gas each year than it uses, and oil production in Malvernian oil fields is increasing at a steady pace. If these trends in fuel production and usage continue, ttherefore, Malvernian reliance on foreign sources for fuel is likely to decline soon.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to establish if the amount of oil used each year in Malvernia for generating electricity and fuel for transportation is increasing in evaluating the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7671, "premise": "The arrival of man has brought many challenges to certain natural laws of the world. For example, the fruit of a plant is delicious because it needs to attract animals to bring the seeds that are provided by its fruit to further places, it also rewards the animals that spread the seeds with nutrient-rich fruit. It's a perfect square deal. But the seeds in the fruit are either disposed of in a concentrated way or planted in orchards by human.", "hypothesis": "Man sometimes destroys the perfect square deal of nature can be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10814, "premise": "Announcement for a television program: Are female physicians more sensitive than male physicians to the needs of women patients? To get the answer, we' ll ask physicians of both sexes this question. Tune in tomorrow.", "hypothesis": "Those who are best able to provide answers to the question are patients, rather than physicians identifies a flaw in the plan for the program.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13941, "premise": "Some people see no harm in promoting a folk remedy that in fact has no effect. But there is indeed harm: many people who are convinced to use an ineffective remedy continue with it for years rather than pursuing conventional treatments that would almost certainly help them.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'It is harmful to interfere with someone doing something that is likely to benefit that person' most helps to justify the reasoning in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9566, "premise": "A newly opened north-south highway with six tunnels in the middle: Changchuan Tunnel, Damei Tunnel, Qingshan Peak Tunnel, Green Water Tunnel, Caishi Tunnel and Baiyu Tunnel. It is known that: (1) Baiyu Tunnel is in the north of Caishi Tunnel and is adjacent to Caishi Tunnel. Baiyu Tunnel is located in the south of Damei Tunnel but not adjacent to it. (2) there is a tunnel between Changchuan Tunnel and Qingshan Tunnel.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, it is not possible that there is a tunnel between Baiyu Tunnel and Damei Tunnel.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 439, "premise": "The communication media have irresistible power. The information they convey is like a bullet hitting the body and the medicine is injected into the skin. The audience is completely in a passive position, passively waiting for and accepting all kinds of ideas, feelings and knowledge instilled by the media. The response of the audience's personality differences to the information provided by the mass media can be ignored.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The public is generally worried about the vulgarization of TV programs' would weaken the above view most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13069, "premise": "Frank: The Internet has allowed everyone to obtain a vast amount of information on every topic imaginable. Jerry: That is not true. Much of the information available online is false.", "hypothesis": "Jerry's response shows that he interprets Frank's statement to imply that all the information available on the Internet is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3519, "premise": "At present, there are many books such as Ten Keys to Success in the book market. Publishers marketed these books as books that would actually help readers achieve great success. In fact, almost everyone knows that great success is destined to belong to a minority, and people cannot all become one of the minority through books. In this regard, the exaggerated and even false claims made by publishers cannot be considered unethical. To say the least, even if one believes the publisher's false claims, it is not immoral to make such claims as long as reading such books does more good than harm to one's success.", "hypothesis": "Deliberate propaganda of this kind is only immoral if people are deceived and suffer from it is the conclusion that best fits the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1859, "premise": "The tilted Phoenix eyes of yellow people may be related to the windy sand in central Asia, because this structure can protect the eyes. Just like white people's hair is flaxen and a little transparent, it is easy to make the scalp absorb the heat of the sun, thus adapting to the cold at high latitudes.While black hair is darker and more curly, which helps block the heat from the sun and protect the brain.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that human appearance is the product of human adaptation to the natural environment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14787, "premise": "Journalist: A free marketplace of ideas ensures that all ideas get a fair hearing. Even ideas tainted with prejudice and malice can prompt beneficial outcomes. In most countries, however, the government is responsible for over half the information released to the public through all media. For this reason, the power of governments over information needs to be curtailed. Everyone grants that governments should not suppress free expression, yet governments continue to construct near monopolies on the publication and dissemination of enormous amounts of information.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of the journalist's argument is that the control that governments have over information needs to be reduced.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13749, "premise": "Most people who have taken a seminar for building organizational skills in the workplace have indeed become more organized as a result; however, despite having become more organized, few have become any more efficient.", "hypothesis": "The statement that most people who have taken a seminar for building organizational skills in the workplace consequently expend a great amount of time organizing their activities would most help to resolve the apparent discrepancy described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6134, "premise": "Mark Twain once listened to a pastor's speech in a church. At first he felt that the pastor was touching and prepared to donate. After ten minutes, the pastor had not finished speaking, and he became a little impatient, so he decided to donate only some change. After another ten minutes, the pastor hadn't finished speaking, so he decided not to donate a penny. In psychology, this phenomenon of excessive stimulation and long-lasting action that caused extreme psychological impatientness or resistance is called over-limit effect. The current Ice Bucket Challenge project aimed at helping patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis should also be alert to this effect due to excessive entertainment. Start with the show, but do not end with the show, stay With the true spirit of charity, not just the star video collection, this transnational relay can be considered complete.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is that over-limit effect should be prevented in due course.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13370, "premise": "Michelangelo' s sixteenth-century Sistine Chapel paintings are currently being restored. A goal of the restorers is to uncover Michelangelo' s original work, and so additions made to Michelangelo' s paintings by later artists are being removed. However, the restorers have decided to make one exception: to leave intact additions that were painted by da Volterra.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Because da Volterra used a type of pigment that is especially sensitive to light, the additions to the Sistine Chapel that da Volterra painted have relatively muted colors' most helps to reconcile the restorers'decision with the goal stated in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11378, "premise": "Proposal: Carbon dioxide and methane in the atmosphere block the escape of heat into space. So emission of these greenhouse gases contributes to global warming. In order to reduce global warming, emission of greenhouse gases needs to be reduced. Ttherefore, the methane now emitted from open landfills should instead be burned to produce electricity. Objection: The burning of methane generates carbon dioxide that is released into the atmosphere.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Every time a human being or other mammal exhales, there is some carbon dioxide released into the air' most adequately counters the objection made to the proposal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3431, "premise": "Competitive decision - making refers to decisions made not according to objective natural state, but based on the strategy of competitors, where there is competition for the existence of competitors.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above definition, in order to attract high-quality students, the scholarship amount of school A being always 10% higher than that of School B is a competitive decision-making.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10851, "premise": "In an experiment, volunteers witnessed a simulated crime. After they witnessed the simulation the volunteers were first questioned by a lawyer whose goal was to get them to testify inaccurately about the event. They were then cross-examined by another lawyer whose goal was to cause them to correct the inaccuracies in their testimony. The witnesses who gave testimony containing fewer inaccurate details than most of the other witnesses during the first lawyer' s questioning also gave testimony containing a greater number of inaccurate details than most of the other witnesses during cross-examination.", "hypothesis": "These witnesses were more observant about details than were most of the other witnesses if true, most helps to resolve the apparent conflict in the results concerning the witnesses who gave testimony containing fewer inaccurate details during the first lawyer's questioning.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4371, "premise": "As a modern agricultural technological revolution, the Blue Revolution refers to the general term for a major technological revolution in which humans ask for food from the waters.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Reclamation of land from the sea, vigorously develop livestock feed industry' is inconsistent with the Blue Revolution.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9278, "premise": "In modern society, many people get fat, have beer bellies and are seriously overweight because they often drink beer.", "hypothesis": "The answer to the question \"Many fat people also smoke at the same time. Can you say smoking causes weight gain?\" is impossible to question the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4051, "premise": "Possession modification refers to the transfer of the right to the movable property, the two parties also agreed that the transferee to continue to occupy the movable property, the property right from the transfer agreement when the effective effect.", "hypothesis": "A sold his house to tenant B, and went through the transfer procedures, B because back home to deal with things temporarily did not stay, A then continued to live in the house is a possession modification according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14531, "premise": "Speaker: Contemporary business firms need to recognize that avoiding social responsibility leads to the gradual erosion of power. This is Davis and Blomstrom' s Iron Law of Responsibility: In the long run, those who do not use power in a manner which society considers responsible will tend to lose it.  The law' s application to human institutions certainly stands confirmed by history. Though the long run may require decades or even centuries in some instances, society ultimately acts to reduce power when society thinks it is not being used responsibly. Ttherefore, a business that wishes to retain its power as long as it can must act responsibly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Public relations programs can cause society to consider an institution socially responsible even when it is not' most weakens the speaker's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6703, "premise": "The national economy is an organic whole, like a machine, each part has its own function, its normal operation is determined by the components and overall performance, whether it can be fast or not will waste the machine, and blindly ask for speed will damage the machine.", "hypothesis": "The establishment of a harmonious society depends on economic development best supports this view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4627, "premise": "A college recently conducted a survey on whether scholarships can promote learning efficiency. The survey content includes three indicators: attendance rate of self-study, average time required to complete homework, and average daily reading volume. The results show that scholarship students The learning efficiency is 25% higher than those of the students who have not received the scholarship. It is concluded that the role of the scholarship in helping students to improve the learning efficiency is very obvious.", "hypothesis": "Those students who receive scholarships usually have good study habits and high learning efficiency can weaken the above conclusion the most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7104, "premise": "The principle of unity of command means that in a formal organization, at all times, a subordinate should accept and only accept orders from a superior and report to that superior.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the principle of unified command is contrary to the general manager assigning the responsibility for product sales to a deputy general manager in charge of marketing, who is responsible for the distribution office in his area, at the same time, the general manager requests the managers of the regional distribution offices to report the daily sales volume directly to the chief accountant.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4653, "premise": "In order to prevent forest fires, forest experts in the United States have come up with a good method of fire prevention by fire: forest managers are required to regularly select the weather with low wind speed, low temperature and high temperature, and artificially burn the small trees, shrubs, dry branches and dead leaves under the trees, so as to prevent natural fires and help put out forest fires.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Forest managers can prevent forest fires if they regularly remove dry branches, dead leaves, weeds, small trees and shrubs in the forest\" cannot be inferred.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6892, "premise": "Corn is an important food crop and a high-yield and high-quality feed. It has now become the main raw material of the feed industry. At present, there are more than 500 processed products made from corn. Corn starch can be directly eaten or processed into Sugars, alcohol, acetic acid, acetone, butanol and other chemical products can also be used in textile, paper, medicine, wine and other industries. The fat in the embryo accounts for more than 85% of the oil content of the grain, and it is extracted from the embryo. Corn oil becomes a high-quality edible oil and can be made into margarine.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that corn has gradually been developed for a variety of economic uses as a food crop.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2291, "premise": "A community with a shared future for mankind means to take into account the reasonable concerns of other countries when pursuing its own interests, and to promote the common development of all countries in the pursuit of its own development. Mankind has only one earth, and all countries coexist in the same world. It is necessary to advocate the consciousness of a community with a shared future for mankind.", "hypothesis": "The statement that \"the community with a shared future for mankind does not transcend differences in social systems, ideologies and values\" is not in line with the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6423, "premise": "In order to built economic zone on the west side of the straits, we must, in accordance with the requirements of sound and rapid development put forward by the central authorities, put the word good in a prominent position, pay more attention to good, and accurately understand good. Coordination is good, such as the coordination of speed, quality and efficiency; the coordination of consumption, investment and export; the coordination of population, resources and environment; and the grasp of quality, quantity and degree. In terms of economic development, without quality, there is no quantity, without quantity, there is no quality, without good, there is no fast, without fast there is no good, it is a unified whole.", "hypothesis": "The central meaning of the above passage is that the construction of the economic zone on the west side of the straits must implement the principle of coordinated development of good and fast.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4260, "premise": "Here are the introduction of the wooden chair effect. Two groups of students with equal grades are arranged to sit on comfortable sofa chairs and very uncomfortable wooden chairs to study. After a while, the academic performance of the students sitting on the wooden chairs is much higher than that of the students sitting on the sofa chairs. The reason is that students sitting on wooden chairs constantly adjust their sitting posture because they are uncomfortable. On the face of it, they seem to be restless, but in fact, they supply more blood and nutrition to their brains; while students sitting on sofa chairs keep still because of comfort, resulting in a relatively slow down of blood circulation, and relatively less blood and nutrients to their brains, so their learning effect becomes worse.", "hypothesis": "The wooden chair effect is reflected in Xiao Gang walking to school and going home every day, whether it is rainy or windy, but still having a good academic performance.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7573, "premise": "A public service advertisement advises people not to drive after drinking until you feel safe to drive. However, in a study conducted in a hospital, subjects who were questioned immediately after drinking often underestimated what they need to regain their driving ability.  This result shows that it is difficult for people who drink before driving to follow the advice of this ad.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The subjects studied in the hospital estimate that their ability to regain driving is generally more conservative than others' can most strongly support the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7809, "premise": "At present, the way of communication in China has changed greatly, people use the internet to communicate thoughts and feelings. This is because a recent survey conducted by the relevant authorities at a university showed that 95 percent of the students surveyed regularly use the internet to communicate their thoughts and feelings.", "hypothesis": "The scope of the investigation is too small to reflect the real situation of all Chinese people at present most weakens this view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10846, "premise": "The fact that tobacco smoke inhaled by smokers harms the smokers does not prove that the much smaller amount of tobacco smoke inhaled by nonsmokers who share living space with smokers harms the nonsmokers to some degree. Many substances, such as vitamin A, are toxic in large quantities but beneficial in small quantities.", "hypothesis": "The pattern of reasoning in the argument is most similar to the following statement: \"Although watching television for half of every day would be a waste of time, watching television briefly every day is not necessarily even a small waste of time. After all, it would be a waste to sleep half of every day, but some sleep every day is necessary.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13433, "premise": "Political Advertisement: Mayor Delmont' s critics complain about the jobs that were lost in the city under Delmont' s leadership. Yet the fact is that not only were more jobs created than were eliminated, but the average pay for these new jobs has been higher than the average pay for jobs citywide every year since Delmont took office. So there can be no question that throughout Delmont' s tenure the average paycheck in this city has been getting steadily bigger.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The average pay for jobs eliminated in the city during Mayor Delmont's tenure has been roughly equal every year to the average pay for jobs citywide' most strengthens the argument in the advertisement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6262, "premise": "The content of r-globulin in the blood of tropical residents is higher, while the content of protein is lower. The content of protein in the blood of residents in the cold zone is higher, while the content of r-globulin is lower, which is related to the fact that residents in the cold zone are mainly meat, while tropical residents are mainly vegetarian.", "hypothesis": "The main meaning of the above paragraph is that vegetarians are healthier and live longer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13254, "premise": "Many people suffer an allergic reaction to sulfites, including those that are commonly added to wine as preservatives. However, since there are several winemakers producing wine to which no sulfites are added, those who would like to drink wine but are allergic to sulfites can drink these wines without risking an allergic reaction to sulfites.", "hypothesis": "Apart from sulfites, there are other substances commonly present in wine that can trigger allergic reactions most seriously weakens the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 55, "premise": "Sensation: Refers to the reflection of the individual attributes of the human brain on the objective things that directly act on the sensory organs.", "hypothesis": "Wang Li's brother brought back a kind of fruit she hadn't seen before from other places, so she didn't know its name, but she thought it was very red and cute is a sensation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9042, "premise": "Because the photo is light, the object is imprinted on the film. So, in a sense, every picture is real. However, the use of photos to show things is always different from things themselves, photos can not show complete authenticity, in this sense, it is false. So, just one photo can't finally prove anything", "hypothesis": "The hypothesis that leads to the above conclusion is 'The photos of the South China tiger taken by Zhou cannot be used as evidence of the existence of the South China tiger in Shaanxi.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7112, "premise": "One day five friends got together and one of them enumerated the dangers of drinking and urged everyone to stop drinking. Are you quit drinking now?He asked one by one. The four men answered in different ways.", "hypothesis": "According to their answers, trying to quit drinking does not violate the implied premise of this reasoning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7631, "premise": "Housing endowment refers to the old man mortgaged his own property to a financial institution, according to the agreed conditions of regular pension and access to the corresponding services of the old - age way. After the old man's death, financial institutions can dispose of the property as agreed and pay the expenses already incurred.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Mr. Zhang and his wife, who are in their 70s, signed an agreement with the bank. Before their death, they received a monthly pension of 13,000 yuan from the bank; after their death, their property was disposed of by the bank' belongs to the housing endowment.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10240, "premise": "The psychological pressure of lying can lead to some physical changes, according to an expert from the Ministry of Public Security. With the help of the lie detector, the physiological representation of the liar can be measured, so that the lie detection result is reliable.", "hypothesis": "If true, the statement \"For some people, lying can only lead to less psychological stress\" weakens the argument presented above the most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6609, "premise": "For a long time, we regard overtime as the embodiment of employees' love for their jobs and dedication to their work. It is certainly commendable that a comrade works overtime, overfulfills the task, or even does the work of three people alone. His spirit and enthusiasm cannot be read by himself. Our country's rapid development and rapid economic growth are inseparable from overtime work in various industries. It is not too much to say that China's development achievements are the result of hard work and hard work of the Chinese people. This should be the beneficial side of working overtime.", "hypothesis": "Overtime is the embodiment of employees' love for their jobs and dedication to their work, which should be vigorously advocated is not the author's view of overtime according to the above paragraph.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5947, "premise": "The excuse is to admit that the activity itself is wrong, but the party denies that he should bear the responsibility. The defense is to admit that should be responsible for the activity, but the party denies that the activity is wrong. In the face of failed events, people use excuses to minimize their responsibilities, while  use defense  to try to redefine controversial actions so that they do not look too bad.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement that a company's product has a quality problem and was caused by the use of substandard parts produced by other companies is an defense.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6187, "premise": "Over the past 100 years, the debate over the correctness of Darwin's theory of evolution has never stopped. The emerging scientific facts not only make up for the missing links that Darwin did not find in those years, but also test the prediction ability of Darwin's theory of evolution. For example, the fossil tiktalik fish found in Canada in 2004 reveals the evolution from fish (fins) to terrestrial animals (legs). The transition state between is recognized as an excellent example of germline gradual change theory. Of course, Darwin's theory of evolution is not perfect, and it does have falsifiability. Taking the theory of natural selection as an example, it was strongly challenged at the beginning of the establishment of Mendelian genetics. However, all kinds of new evidence that cannot be simply explained by the theory of natural selection eventually expanded people's understanding of the dynamics and mechanism of evolution, rather than abandoning the theory.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of the above text is to deepen people's understanding of the biological evolution mechanism.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6268, "premise": "Dante said: morality can often fill the defects of people's wisdom, but wisdom can't fill the defects of morality.", "hypothesis": "The correct understanding of the above sentence is that moral defects often bring irreparable defects in wisdom.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5650, "premise": "Relative Deprivation refers to a kind of psychological state produced by the inconsistent cognition of value expectation and value ability when people compare with those who are close to their own status and not completely equal to themselves.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Yang thought his job was good, but after attending the classmate party, he felt that he had no future compared with his classmates is Relative Deprivation.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5827, "premise": "Synaesthesia is the wonderful mixing of organs and communication between often disparate sensory areas of the brain.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Huang Dawei, a deaf-mute teenager, communicates with his family by writing every time, so his speed is slow is synesthesia.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5128, "premise": "Halo effect, also known as prejudice effect, refers to that the observer makes a biased (positive or negative) evaluation of a person according to the characteristics of that person, and extends this evaluation to other aspects.", "hypothesis": "Teacher Yang hates male students who are disheveled and unkempt, because she always thinks such students have intellectual problems is not halo effect.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13355, "premise": "Byrne: One of our club' s bylaws specifies that any officer who fails to appear on time for any one of the quarterly board meetings, or who misses two of our monthly general meetings, must be suspended. Thibodeaux, an officer, was recently suspended. But Thibodeaux has never missed a monthly general meeting. Ttherefore, Thibodeaux must have failed to appear on time for a quarterly board meeting.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in Byrne's argument is flawed in that the argument does not specify how long Thibodeaux has been an officer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3136, "premise": "The Champions League has entered the semi-final stage: the Bei team of Spain's first-class Football League is against the Qi team of the British Premier League, and the Ba team of Spain's first-class Football League is against the Qie team of Germany's first-class Football League. Before the game, Joe predicted that the champion can only be produced in the two teams of Spain's first-class Football League; Xiao Zhou predicted that Bei and Qi could only win the runner up at most. After the game, it proved that their predictions were incorrect.", "hypothesis": "Qi team won the championship.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3444, "premise": "A study found that the nitrite content of fresh vegetables will increase at room temperature and refrigerated for two days, and will be higher than the national standard limit to varying degrees, causing mild to severe poisoning to human body. In this regard, a study found that the nitrite content of fresh vegetables will increase at room temperature and refrigerated for two days, and will be higher than the national standard b value to varying degrees, The results showed that the content of nitrite in vegetables decreased significantly and soon decreased to a safe value. Therefore, the researchers believe that long-term vegetables can be used safely after being washed with fruit and vegetable detergent.", "hypothesis": "In the experiment, the nitrite content decreased only in a short time and soon returned to the state of exceeding the standard weakens the researchers' experimental conclusions most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6276, "premise": "When using antibacterial drugs in the clinic, if choosing the type of drug according to the patient's personal situation, strictly requiring the dose and concentration of the first medication, and following strict regulations in the frequency of drug use and drug compatibility, the spread and deterioration of drug resistance can be controlled, although it cannot completely prevent drug-resistant strains.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on whether drug resistance will occur after the use of antibacterial drugs is undetermined.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14163, "premise": "Over the last 10 years, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people over the age of 65 living in this region. This is evident from the fact that during this time the average age of people living in this region has increased from approximately 52 to 57 years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The average age for people in the region is higher than that for people in surrounding regions' would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6894, "premise": "Languages distributed in different places are used, and in the long-term development process, they have accumulated common or unique experiences in production and life. These experiences or knowledge systems are all condensed in the language. And each language group has a different understanding of the natural world. The aspects of human beings have reached different depths, forming a complementary distribution of cognitive structures. Together they constitute a broad and profound knowledge system of mankind.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that language promotes the differentiation of knowledge systems of various groups.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10448, "premise": "Scientists: it has been shown that the adoption of new farming methods can enable some well-managed farms to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers, pesticides and antibiotics without significantly reducing or even increasing yields. Critic: that's not true. The farm you have chosen is the one that is most likely to succeed with these new methods. Why not mention farms that tried new methods but failed?", "hypothesis": "Critics have no reason to assume that the failure of some farms is not caused by the quality of their soil properly evaluates the critic's rebuttal.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2911, "premise": "According to the statistics of the actual expenditures of the two existing schools in the previous year, if only comparing the expenditure per capita of undergraduate students in the school, school A is higher than 86% of school B; but if you compare all students (undergraduates plus The per capita investment of graduate students), School A is 118% of School B. The per capita funding for graduate students in each school is higher than that of undergraduates.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, it is most likely that the proportion of postgraduate students in school A was higher than that in school B, or the per capita expenditure for postgraduate students in school A was higher than that in school B.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13014, "premise": "Vitamin XYZ has long been a favorite among health food enthusiasts. In a recent large study, those who took large amounts of vitamin XYZ daily for two years showed on average a 40 percent lower risk of heart disease than did members of a control group. Researchers corrected for differences in relevant health habits such as diet.", "hypothesis": "The inference that taking large amounts of vitamins is probably worth risking the side effects is most supported by the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3130, "premise": "Bio-fuel generally refers to the solid, liquid or gaseous fuel extracted from biomass. Biomass refers to various organisms produced by photosynthesis through the use of atmosphere, water and land, that is, all living organic substances that can grow. It includes plants, animals and microorganisms.", "hypothesis": "Soybeans that can extract bio-diesel does not belong to bio-fuels according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9073, "premise": "During the Industrial Revolution, two plant diseases disappeared in heavily polluted British industrial cities: black spot, which infects roses, and tar spot, which infects sycamore. Biologists believe that air pollution may have eliminated these two diseases.", "hypothesis": "Black spot disease and tar spot disease recur when urban air pollution is reduced will most strongly support the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5672, "premise": "Cultural Consciousness means that people living in a certain culture have self-knowledge of their own culture, that is, understand its origin, formation process, characteristics and development trend, so as to enhance their ability of cultural transformation and obtain the ability and status of cultural choice under the conditions of the new era. In addition, cultural consciousness should have a world vision and be able to understand the culture of other nations, Enhance the ability to contact, dialogue and get along with different cultures.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, both Xiangfan City in Hubei Province and Nanyang City in Henan Province call themselves hometown of Zhuge Liang belongs to Cultural Consciousness.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12879, "premise": "Because it was long thought that few people would watch lengthy televised political messages, most televised political advertisements, like commercial advertisements, took the form of short messages. Last year, however, one candidate produced a half-hour-long advertisement. During the half hour the advertisement was aired, a substantial portion of the viewing public tuned into the advertisement. Clearly, then, many more people are interested in watching lengthy televised political messages than was previously thought.", "hypothesis": "An assumption on which the argument depends is that most of the viewers who tuned in to the candidate's half-hour-long advertisement last year did not change channels after the first few minutes.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6562, "premise": "The development of digital technology provides a new high-tech means for the protection of cultural heritage and every country has launched relevant measures and plans.However, after all, digital technology is only a technical means, and ultimately irreplaceable, human wisdom and spirit, if there is no correct idea to guide it, it may degenerate into a digital trap.Virtual nature may turn culture into a real illusion, and at the same time, it will also squeeze those cultural styles that are not afraid of spreading strong from cultural unipolarization, so that they will die out more quickly in the Matthew effect.", "hypothesis": "According to the above conclusion, the option that conforms to the author's point of view is that digital technology will lead to the emergence of the Matthew effect in the field of cultural heritage protection.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2402, "premise": "A, B, C, D and E travel on high-speed rail and they happen to be sitting in the same row of A.B.C.D.F seats. It is known that: (1) if one of A or B sits in seat C, C sits in seat B; (2) if E sits in seat C, D sits in seat F.", "hypothesis": "If D is sitting in seat B, C is sitting in seat C can be determined.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7019, "premise": "The so-called national media literacy refers to the national literacy to correctly judge the value, significance and function of media information and to effectively use and disseminate information. In the information age, national media literacy has become an important part of national comprehensive literacy. As a media audience, if citizens have higher media literacy, they can distinguish all kinds of ideology and values behind the mass media, distinguish false things from the received information, retain the real things, and refine them. Thus, we can adhere to and carry forward healthy and progressive concepts and cultures, and resist and criticize negative and decadent concepts and cultures.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is the significance of improving national media literacy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10147, "premise": "The nature of capital is the pursuit of profit. In the first half of 2004, my country's price rise exceeded the interest rate of bank deposits. From January to July, residents' income continued to increase, but the growth rate of residents' savings deposits continued to decline. In July, the outflow of deposits reached about 100 billion yuan, while the proportion of time deposits in total deposits continued to decline.", "hypothesis": "Due to the state's control over the scale of loans, the vast number of private enterprises are short of funds, and private lending is active, and the loan interest has been much higher than the bank deposit interest rate best explains the flow of most of the 100 billion yuan in savings.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3175, "premise": "It is incorrect to say that the elderly over 60 are not interested in the entertainment program super girls. A recent survey report of a college shows that 83% of the 3500 elderly who sent back the questionnaire say they like watching super girls very much.", "hypothesis": "The elderly who filled out and sent back the questionnaire were actually under the age of 60 weakens the above conclusion most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9451, "premise": "All leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people will be respected by everyone; and leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people pay special attention to how to solve livelihood problems such as housing, medical treatment, education and pensions. Therefore, those leading cadres who do not pay attention to how to solve the problems of people's livelihood will not be respected by everyone.", "hypothesis": "In order to ensure that the above argument is established, the premise that people's livelihood issues such as housing, medical treatment, education and pension are the most prominent issues concerning the interests of the common people must be added.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13326, "premise": "The foreign minister of Zeria announced today that her country was severing diplomatic relations with Nandalo because of Nandalo' s flagrant violations of human rights. But Zeria continues to maintain diplomatic relations with many countries that the minister knows to have far worse human-rights records than Nandalo does. Ttherefore, despite the foreign minister' s claim, this latest diplomatic move cannot be explained exclusively by Zeria' s commitment to upholding human rights.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'More countries have expressed concern over reported human-rights violations in Nandalo than have expressed concern over human-rights violations in Zeria' provides the most support for the argument in the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11445, "premise": "People who switch to a low-calorie diet generally do not lose any weight. This is surprising since it is understood that decreasing the calories in one' s diet, while maintaining the same level of activity, causes one to lose weight.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People who switch to low-calorie diets also tend to decrease their level of activity' most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13900, "premise": "Susan: Many rare plants have provided cures for various diseases. Since many plants have been lost to extinction, it is likely that there could have been cures for many more diseases. That is why it is important for us to manage our resources responsibly and prevent plant extinction. Robert: But plants are not our resources, they are part of the same environment we inhabit, and we are not superior to them. We must treat plants as the co-equal inhabitants of this planet that they are.", "hypothesis": "Susan and Robert disagree on whether humans should exploit plants for human benefit.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5745, "premise": "Reference dependence means that an individual judges the value of gains and losses based on a reference point. Above the reference point, the individual feels the gain, and vice versa. The perception of loss and gain depends on the choice of the reference point.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the researcher designed an experiment: Inform the subjects that their neighbors' monthly water and electricity expenditures are lower than theirs, and found that the subjects' household energy consumption will be significantly reduced next month is not reference dependency.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10948, "premise": "Essayist: One of the claims of laissez-faire economics is that increasing the minimum wage reduces the total number of minimum-wage jobs available. In a recent study, however, it was found that after an increase in the minimum wage, fast-food restaurants kept on roughly the same number of minimum-wage employees as before the increase. Ttherefore, laissez-faire economics is not entirely accurate.", "hypothesis": "The essayist's argument depends on assuming that minimum-wage job availability at fast-food restaurants included in the study was representative of minimum-wage job availability in general.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14064, "premise": "High schools should only teach abstinence. Students who practice abstinence will never experience an unplanned pregnancy or contract a sexually-transmitted disease.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The percentage of students engaging in abstinence is lowest in school districts that only teach abstinence' does not weaken the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12483, "premise": "The stable functioning of a society depends upon the relatively long-term stability of the goals of its citizens. This is clear from the fact that unless the majority of individuals have a predictable and enduring set of aspirations, it will be impossible for a legislature to craft laws that will augment the satisfaction of the citizenry, and it should be obvious that a society is stable only if its laws tend to increase the happiness of its citizens.", "hypothesis": "The claim that a society is stable only if its laws tend to increase the happiness of its citizens is the conclusion of the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4055, "premise": "New research has found that a gene in the brain called SIRT1 directs the synthesis of proteins in the thalamus. The SIRT1 gene weakens with age and the protein it directs synthesis decreases gradually. So the researchers speculate that the gene leads to weight gain in middle age.", "hypothesis": "The SIRT1 gene is present in many tissue organs and only genes in the brain can affect the synthesis of body proteins is a prerequisite for this conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6925, "premise": "The traditional culture of ethnic minorities should be developed as an industry, and the cultural resources should be comprehensively promoted to the market, so that the traditional culture of ethnic minorities has become an effective part of the market operation. Traditional national sports, traditional art performances and traditional cultural landscapes will all become good places for enterprise marketing. Because the economic development of ethnic minority areas not only depends on the introduction of foreign capital, the improvement of the technical content of products, the establishment of efficient incentive mechanism and so on, but also needs a good image of an enterprise. The image effect of an enterprise and the marketing strategy of its products are not only important, but also culture and economy will effectively complement each other and prosper together.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that under the condition of market economy, the traditional cultural resources of ethnic minorities can be transformed into great economic value.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6428, "premise": "The tendency of mediocrity in spiritual life is a prominent phenomenon in our real life, which is mainly manifested in the following aspects: lack of spiritual goal, neither traditional support nor ideal guidance; the expansion of utilitarian consciousness leads to the lack of true feelings between people; the mass consumption culture that resorts to the senses is rampant, and the serious culture of the soul is in a dilemma.", "hypothesis": "The trend of mediocrity in spiritual life is mainly manifested in the loss of faith, lack of truth and cultural dislocation is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4332, "premise": "Relevant departments of Dongpo City have planned a selection activity for the ranking of ideal living quarters in the city. The method is to select ten indicators, which involve community hardware facilities (housing quality, supporting facilities, etc.), environmental sanitation, degree of greening, and public security status, transportation convenience, etc. Each index is evaluated according to the actual quality or quantity, and a score between 1 and 10 points is evaluated, and then the average of these ten scores is obtained, and the ranking is ranked according to its level.", "hypothesis": "If the content of the index is modified accordingly, this selection method is general, for example, it can be used to evaluate the ranking of key middle schools in the city is not a necessary assumption for the feasibility of the above planning.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1114, "premise": "The worship of natural gods such as the sun, moon, stars, famous mountains and rivers in ancient China. The worship of the supreme god in ancient Chinese religions-the emperor of heaven. The appearance of the supreme god in ancient Chinese religions corresponds to the emergence of emperors in the secular society. Due to secularity Classes appeared in the society, the country and the emperor who was the supreme ruler of the country appeared. Therefore, the heavenly kingdom also appeared in the heavenly kingdom, which is superior to the gods.", "hypothesis": "Humans' worship of the emperor began in response to the emergence of emperors in the class differentiation of human society accurately retells of the main meaning of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6778, "premise": "These people are as humble as dust, their figure appears in my line of sight, their spirit precipitates in my heart, they often make me feel that this ordinary world is so lovely, this scattered world is actually so tacit understanding and the life seed that looks like dirt is actually so tenacious and beautiful.", "hypothesis": "The central idea of the passage is that life is both ordinary and beautiful.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2219, "premise": "The sequelae of digital technology refers to the decline of memory or cognitive ability caused by overuse and dependence on digital products.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhu has a good sense of orientation. He never used a navigator when he was driving. Since the navigator was installed, he can't live without it for a day. There was something wrong with the navigator last night. He had to drive for two hours after a 15-minute drive is a legacy of the sequelae of digital technology.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7689, "premise": "Differential pricing means that enterprises adopt different pricing for the same product according to different markets and customers.", "hypothesis": "Memory 8 GB'price of  brand of mobile phone is 4,888 yuan, 16 GB of  brand of mobile phone is 5,388 yuan, 32 GB of  brand of mobile phone is 6,288 yuan is not differential pricing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10571, "premise": "In rheumatoid arthritis, the body' s immune system misfunctions by attacking healthy cells in the joints causing the release of a hormone that in turn causes pain and swelling. This hormone is normally activated only in reaction to injury or infection. A new arthritis medication will contain a protein that inhibits the functioning of the hormone that causes pain and swelling in the joints.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A patient treated with the new medication for rheumatoid arthritis could sustain a joint injury without becoming aware of it' is the conclusion that is most strongly supported by the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8043, "premise": "Compared with the desolation of crosstalk in the media, the popularity of the weekend crosstalk club is quite intriguing. The art that was born and grew up among the people can gain new vitality only by returning to the masses and life. If there is no face-to-face communication and discussion with the audience, without the practice and training of the stage, without the audience's belly laughter and heart-to-heart understanding and communication, this kind of return will not be achieved.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of this passage is that Crosstalk can be reborn only when it returns to the folk stage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11599, "premise": "Congressman Jones experienced a drop in his approval numbers after announcing that taxes in his district would increase the following year. His office also received a significant number of phone calls decrying this tax raise. Nevertheless, he claims that reactions to the tax increase were unrelated to his drop in voters' approval of him.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The citizens who called in to Congressman Jones's office had all voted for him in the previous election' most strongly supports Congressman Jones's position.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2046, "premise": "A wise man once said, you must be tolerant three times. You must forgive yourself, because you cannot be perfect; you must forgive your enemies, because the fire of your anger will only affect yourself and your family; and perhaps the hardest thing to do in the search for happiness is that you must forgive your friends, because the closer your friends are, the more they will inadvertently slander you.  We are often too hard on others. Everyone is trying to prove that I am right and you are wrong. Only when you can hold the shortcomings of others or yourself can you hold the wind and rain of the whole world. Our forgiveness of others is also a blessing of ourselves.", "hypothesis": "Tolerance is the blessing of the self is mainly discussed in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7620, "premise": "Manager: Xiao Zhang, why are you always late for work this week? Xiao Zhang: manager, don;t just stare at me! Xiao Li sometimes arrives later than I do!", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Customer: boss, why does the Wondo you sell have a strange smell in it? Boss: What are your intentions! Who the hell are you from?\" is the most different from the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1265, "premise": "From the perspective of combing the relationship between technology and knowledge and the trend of Internet technological autonomy, we should pay attention to a core problem in the future news and communication discipline reconstruction: how to balance the relationship between human and technology, make researchers jump out of the technological system immersed in it, treat the technological system critically, and avoid becoming the driving force of social disorder caused by the autonomy of the Internet. In this regard, Tang Yide pointed out, it is precisely because we are so familiar that we not only ignore the need for critical reflection by the technology system, but also ignore the results obtained from this critical reflection. Therefore, we need to deal with the technological society that besieges us from a transcendental point of view.", "hypothesis": "The reconstruction of journalism and communication should pay attention to the autonomy of the internet is the content that this text is meant to emphasize.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5919, "premise": "One of the truths of the advertising industry is that it is rarely necessary to use words and phrases with content in advertising. All advertising needs to do is to attract the attention of potential customers, because memory will contribute to everything. In terms of product sales, customers are The memory of a product is more important than the understanding of certain characteristics of the product.", "hypothesis": "The author's view is that ads that only attract the attention of potential customers lack authenticity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8710, "premise": "Chili peppers relieve indigestion. People who suffer from indigestion after a spicy meal may be shocked and can't believe it. However, this is the conclusion drawn by Italian experts through experiments. They gave the subjects with indigestion a pill containing chili ingredients before meals, and after five weeks, 60% of the subjects' discomfort symptoms were relieved.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Capsaicin in chili peppers can block the secretion of a neurotransmitter to some extent' can best refute the above experimental conclusions.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10988, "premise": "All historians are able to spot trends. But anyone able to spot trends is able to distinguish the significant from the insignificant. Thus anyone who can distinguish the significant from the insignificant is a historian.", "hypothesis": "The flawed reasoning in the argument above most closely resembles that in the argument where all expressions used for emotional impact are expressions used by poets, all figures of speech are expressions used for emotional impact, and any expression used by poets is a figure of speech.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12970, "premise": "Restaurant manager: In response to requests from our customers for a children' s menu, we recently introduced three different options designed for kids: a grilled cheese sandwich with fries, chicken tenders with onion rings, and a hot dog with potato chips. The first two are frequently ordered, but no one orders the hot dog, although it costs less than the other two. Clearly, then, the children who eat here prefer not to eat hot dogs.", "hypothesis": "The error of reasoning in the restaurant manager's argument is ignoring possible differences between what people say they want and what they actually choose.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9264, "premise": "A school has seven outstanding students G, H, L, M, U, W and Z. During the summer vacation, the school will send them to England and the United States to study. Only these seven students from the school took part in the activity, and each of them happened to go to one of the two countries. Considering the specialty of each student, the following conditions must be met in this activity: (1) if G goes to the England, then H goes to the United States. (2) if L goes to England, then both M and U go to the United States. (3) the country where W goes is different from that of Z. (4) the country where U goes is different from that of G. (5) if Z goes to the England, H also goes to the England.", "hypothesis": "The complete and accurate list of students going to England is H, M, Z.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2777, "premise": "Xiao Li was admitted to Tsinghua University, or Xiao Sun was not admitted to Peking University. If Xiao Zhang is admitted to Peking University, Xiao Sun is also admitted to Peking University; If Xiao Zhang is not admitted to Peking University, Xiao Li is admitted to Tsinghua University.", "hypothesis": "If the above determination is true, then Xiao Li was admitted to Tsinghua University.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6178, "premise": "The construction of rural community is still in the exploratory stage. The village to residence is not only a concrete manifestation of the development of urbanization, but also an inevitable requirement for the extension of public services to rural communities and allowing farmers to share the fruits of reform and development. For a long time, the urban-rural dual structure has led to the separation and development of cities and rural areas, the development of rural areas lags behind and the capacity of public services is weak. The village to residence in the tide of urbanization, It is necessary to break the institutional barriers of the separation of urban and rural areas, so that farmers can enjoy the same social security and public services as urban people according to local conditions. The level of economic development is different everywhere, and farmers have different requirements for public services, which determines the path of village to residence, the types of public services and the security level of rural communities must be different from village to village.", "hypothesis": "The intended emphasis is that breaking the dual boundary between urban and rural areas can promote the development of urbanization.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5057, "premise": "Ms. Zhang especially loves beauty. For many years, she likes to wear skirts in winter to show her graceful figure. Since last winter, she has felt knee pain in cold and overcast days. Later, the doctor diagnosed that she had arthritis. Therefore, Ms. Zhang believes that wearing less in cold and overcast days is the cause of arthritis.", "hypothesis": "Modern medical research shows that the root cause of arthritis is strain, infection or creation. Wearing less in cloudy and cold days is easy to attack questions Ms. Zhang's point of view most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4383, "premise": "Between 1950 and 1970, the number of German teachers continued to increase, but it was slower than the growth rate of the country's total population.", "hypothesis": "Between 1950 and 1970, the proportion of German teachers among their peers dropped from 10% to 9% is in line with the above situation.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 146, "premise": "Appealing to authority refers to the logical fallacy of quoting the authority's speech without analysis in the argument, and using it as a sufficient argument for the correctness of the thesis.", "hypothesis": "As an authority in the field of nuclear physics, Researcher Wang, deputy of the National People's Congress, accepted an interview about food safety. In the interview, he repeatedly emphasized that his claims on food safety are merely his personal opinions contains the fallacy of appealing to authority.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9336, "premise": "People often systematically overestimate their degree of control or influence over events, while underestimating the role of uncontrollable factors such as chance and luck in the development of events and their outcomes, a phenomenon known as the illusion of control.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the belief that the ferry driver in the scenic spot, who walks the mountain road all the year round and thinks he is familiar with the road conditions and has good skills, drives very fast on the mountain road does not reflect the illusion of control.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3904, "premise": "Test content validity refers to the extent to which test items represent the range of test content.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a follow-up investigation on the candidates who have entered the university to see whether they can adapt well to the university study is a test of content validity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8835, "premise": "The hurricane that threatens the continental U.S. was formed by the triggering of high pressure off the west coast of Africa. The continental U.S. is hit by particularly frequent hurricanes whenever there's a lot of rain in the sub-Saharan region. So, a lot of rainfall must be the cause of the hurricane that raises the pressure of the airflow.", "hypothesis": "The argument that 'the liberalization of Eastern Europe will lead to the liberalization of Central America' contains the most similar flaw to the argument above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6846, "premise": "Philosophy is not just a spiritual treasure for people to appreciate, nor is it a thought game for people to pass the time. The values of philosophers are ultimately influenced by the most fundamental problem of survival faced by human beings. If philosophy leaves the era that adapts to it, it will be homeless; and if an era leaves the philosophy that adapts to it, it will have no soul. Therefore, although the study of the history of philosophy is very important, it is always the unavoidable social responsibility of philosophy to find the spiritual home of the times, that is, to find the core values of the times. The study of philosophy lags behind the development of the times, which will affect the development of the whole social science and all spiritual culture, as well as the reasonable development of human practice.", "hypothesis": "The main idea of this passage is that philosophy cannot exist independently of the appropriate times.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5590, "premise": "When attacked by pests, soybeans and other plants produce a hormone called jasmonate, which starts a series of chemical reactions to synthesize more protease inhibitors and enhance their resistance, Its digestive function will be inhibited. Plant biologist drusia found that high concentration of carbon dioxide will cause plants to lose the ability to secrete jasmonate, and the whole defense channel will be closed, so the pest resistance of soybean crops will gradually weaken with the increase of carbon dioxide content.", "hypothesis": "Reducing carbon dioxide in the air will increase the insect resistance of soybean can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6498, "premise": "China is in a period of economic and industrial transformation, with a shortage of skilled workers, especially senior skilled workers and skilled talents. it is not only a bottleneck restricting the adjustment of China's economic structure and realizing the transformation of the mode of economic growth, but also an important reason why there are a large number of new jobs in China's economy. Local governments should organize and mobilize all kinds of resources to guide suitable urban and rural young people to choose to receive vocational education and make use of the employment opportunities in China's economic transformation. Vocational education is not only an education for young students, but also a core part of continuing education, especially for migrant workers.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"It is necessary to guide young people in urban and rural areas to receive vocational education\" is an accurate summary of the gist of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7931, "premise": "Elementary particles are studied with the aid of extremely high energies. To understand the microscopic structure of matter, we must first transform the microscopic matter, that is, we must find ways to break atoms, nuclei, protons, neutrons and other small particles, and expose their internal structure and various properties.", "hypothesis": "The interpretation of microscopic structure of matter and microscopic matter is that the former refers to the internal combination patterns of various particles, and the latter refers to the various particles that make up matter.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5546, "premise": "Digital family refers to computer technology and network technology as the basis for various electrical appliances through different ways of interconnection of communication and data exchange, to achieve interconnection between electrical appliances, so that people can more convenient and efficient access to information, thereby greatly improving the comfort and entertainment of human habitation.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Zhang works at work, he controls his TV at home from his mobile phone and records the sports programs that are being broadcast live does not involve a digital family according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1112, "premise": "The Sinicization and Confucianization of Ricci et al. was to use traditional Chinese language, writing and thought to find an entry point that restricts the propaganda of Christian doctrines, but in this process, they also have the element of being subdued by the intensive middle school. The news can be revealed in Ricci's Chinese writings and his compliments with scholar-bureaucrats.", "hypothesis": "The author mainly wants to explain that Matteo Ricci and others not only borrowed from traditional Chinese culture, but were also influenced by traditional Chinese culture through the above text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9940, "premise": "Five stations have been set up in a section of the high-speed railway along the river from west to east. It is known that Fu Yi Station is located in the east of Hao Yun Station and west of Hu Yao Station, and adjacent to Hu Yao Station; Jiu Shang Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "hypothesis": "Jiu Shang Station is to the west of Fu Yi Station can be inferred if Hao Yun Station is adjacent to Yin Ling Station.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7240, "premise": "The transformation of explicit information into secret information is called encryption, and the transformation of secret information into explicit information is called decryption.", "hypothesis": "Encryption is the process of using Chinese and English letters and numbers to lock Xiao Zhang's computer in order to prevent the loss of files.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 593, "premise": "Negative transfer means that the mastery of one knowledge and skill interferes with or inhibits the control of another knowledge and skill, that is, the mastered knowledge and experience makes new learning difficult. Negative transfer may occur when the old and new stimuli are very similar and require learners to make different responses", "hypothesis": "People who can't ride bicycles will have a lot of trouble learning to ride motorcycles belongs to negative migration according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12521, "premise": "Rossi: It is undemocratic for people to live under a government in which their interests are not represented. So children should have the right to vote, since sometimes the interests of children are different from those of their parents. Smith: Granted, children' s interests are not always the same as their parents' ; governmental deficits incurred by their parents' generation will later affect their own generation' s standard of living. But even if children are told about the issues affecting them, which is not generally the case, their conceptions of what can or should be done are too simple, and their time horizons are radically different from those of adults, so we cannot give them the responsibility of voting.", "hypothesis": "Rossi's argument makes an appeal to a general principle.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14190, "premise": "Newspaper subscriber: Arnot' s editorial argues that by making certain fundamental changes in government we would virtually eliminate our most vexing social ills. But clearly this conclusion is false. After all, the argument Arnot makes for this claim depends on the dubious assumption that government can be trusted to act in the interest of the public.", "hypothesis": "The flaw in the argument's reasoning is that it repudiates a claim merely on the grounds that an inadequate argument has been given for it.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14316, "premise": "Principle: People should buy an expensive antique only if they can be confident of its authenticity and they find the piece desirable for its intrinsic qualities and not just for its value as an investment. Application: Matilde should not buy the expensive antique vase offered for sale on the Internet.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'While Matilde likes the color and features of the vase, its particular style has frequently been reproduced for the mass market, and the vase cannot be examined closely or authenticated over the Internet' most helps to justify the above application of the principle.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13903, "premise": "Columnist: Donating items to charity may be a sign of generosity, but any generosity it may demonstrate is rarely a permanent virtue, since most donors make donations only intermittently.", "hypothesis": "The argument takes for granted that a character trait is present only when manifested accurately describes a flaw in the columnist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5330, "premise": "False memory refers to the recollection of an event that has never been experienced, or a false recollection of an experienced event.", "hypothesis": "False memories are people's memory of the unexpected event.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3022, "premise": "Some university teachers have doctoral degrees, so some people who have obtained doctorates have high levels of teaching plans and scientific research.", "hypothesis": "In order to ensure the validity of the above argument, all the teachers in colleges and universities must have a high level of teaching plans and scientific research.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5765, "premise": "Buzz marketing is a sales method that directly provides enterprise products or services to potential consumers so that they can obtain product or service experience.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, a company regularly sending emails to users, sending product magazines, pushing preferential information, and promising to unconditionally return the products if they are not satisfied within one month of purchasing the product is not buzzer marketing.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10665, "premise": "Nutrition education in schools once promoted daily consumption of food from each of the four food groups: milk, meat, fruit and vegetables, and breads and cereals. This recommendation was, however, dangerous to health.", "hypothesis": "The recommendation that some food from the fruit and vegetable group be consumed daily constituted a reminder not to neglect this group, which provides needed vitamins, minerals, and fiber provides support for the critique above EXCEPT.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4458, "premise": "By testing a certain number of newborns, researchers found that newborns are born with the recognition of some graphics.", "hypothesis": "If the above test results are correct, human's ability to recognize graphics is not always obtained through learning must be true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3904, "premise": "Test content validity refers to the extent to which test items represent the range of test content.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the evaluation of the newly added examination key points by specialized personnel to determine if it accurately reflects the contents of the examination in actual work is an example of test content validity.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1105, "premise": "Reasoning is usually divided into deductive reasoning and inductive reasoning. Deductive reasoning is based on some general principles and personal examples to draw new conclusions about the individual examples. Inductive reasoning abstracts and generalizes a certain general principle from a certain number of individual facts. But a more precise statement is: deductive reasoning is inevitability reasoning, that is, the premise is true to ensure that the conclusion is true; inductive reasoning is probabilistic reasoning, the premise only provides certain support for the conclusion, and the premise is true and the conclusion is not necessarily true.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate expression of the original meaning of this passage is that reasoning is the main tool for humans to understand nature.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12182, "premise": "A certain airport security scanner designed to detect explosives in luggage will alert the scanner' s operator whenever the piece of luggage passing under the scanner contains an explosive. The scanner will erroneously alert the operator for only one percent of the pieces of luggage that contain no explosives. Thus in ninety-nine out of a hundred alerts explosives will actually be present.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument is flawed because the argument substitutes one group for a different group in the statement of a percentage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10926, "premise": "Antoine: The alarming fact is that among children aged 19 years and younger, the number taking antipsychotic medicines soared 73 percent in the last four years. That is greater than the increase in the number of adults taking antipsychotic medicines during the same period. Lucy: But the use of antipsychotic drugs by adults is considered normal at the current rate of 11 adults per 1, 000 taking the drugs. In contrast, the number of children on antipsychotic medication last year was 6. 6 per 1, 000 children.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion of Lucy's argument is that if only 6.6 out of every 1,000 children are taking an antipsychotic medication, the increase in the use of such medicines cannot be the percentage Antoine cites.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 972, "premise": "A film critic said that truly influential films should be both applauded and popular. Since the release of the film Ren Changxia'' which advocates the theme of society, its box office has soared, even rivaling the imported American blockbusters, and the audience's response has been very strong.", "hypothesis": "China should make more of its own good movies like Ren Changxia'' instead of just so-called American blockbusters can be concluded from this.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13857, "premise": "Wolves generally avoid human settlements. For this reason, domestic sheep, though essentially easy prey for wolves, are not usually attacked by them. In Hylantia prior to 1910, farmers nevertheless lost considerable numbers of sheep to wolves each year. Attributing this to the large number for wolves, in 1910 the government began offering rewards to hunters for killing wolves. From 1910 to 1915, large numbers of wolves were killed. Yet wolf attacks on sheep increased significantly.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'After 1910 hunters shot and wounded a substantial number of wolves, thereby greatly diminishing these wolves' ability to prey on wild animals' most helps to explain the increase in wolf attacks on sheep.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10503, "premise": "This year, Tai Fung, a subsidiary of Huatai Group, set a new annual sales record. This is surprising because Tai Fung's potential market is the smallest and it has always been the lowest sales division of all Huatai Group's subsidiaries.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'If all the other branches of the group have set annual sales records, it is not surprising that Tai Fung has set a new annual sales record' points out the problems with the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12634, "premise": "Dr. Bradshaw: Gastric bypass surgery will provide sustained health and weight-loss benefits in morbidly obese patients, since it allows morbidly obese patients to have the size of their stomachs reduced to allow them to consume less food, and also allows food to bypass part of the small intestine, ensuring that fewer calories are absorbed. Morbidly obese patients will realize more sustained benefit from gastric bypass surgery than any other treatment regimen could provide. Dr. Hobbes: Not so. Gastric bypass surgery might help morbidly obese patients initially. However, patients undergoing this surgery will eventually become extremely dehydrated and deprived of critical nutrients needed to maintain their health due to the vastly decreased amount of food and beverages they can consume. Eventually, most will develop severe complications from dehydration coupled with nutrient loss. Hence, sustained health benefits will not be obtained.", "hypothesis": "The point at issue between Dr. Bradshaw and Dr. Hobbes is whether the technology of gastric bypass surgery will benefit patients in the long run.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12604, "premise": "Wind farms, which generate electricity using arrays of thousands of wind-powered turbines, require vast expanses of open land. County X and County Y have similar terrain, but the population density of County X is significantly higher than that of County Y. Ttherefore, a wind farm proposed for one of the two counties should be built in County Y rather than in County X.", "hypothesis": "County X and County Y are adjacent to each other, and both are located in the windiest area of the state most seriously weakens the planner's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3371, "premise": "Five business backbones in a unit, Zhang, Wang, Zhao, Ding and Li, participated in a skill test. Their test results showed that Zhao did not have Li Gao, Zhang did not have Wang Gao, Ding was no lower than Li, and Wang was not as high as Zhao.", "hypothesis": "Ding scored the highest in the test of the five people.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14563, "premise": "Although many customers do not make a sufficient effort to conserve water, water companies must also be held responsible for wasteful consumption. Their own policies, in fact, encourage excessive water use, and attempts at conservation will succeed only if the water companies change their practices.", "hypothesis": "Most water companies reduce the cost per unit of water as the amount of water used by a customer increases would most strongly support the view above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9015, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "G serves as a member of the three sub-committees may be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12633, "premise": "The use of phrases like as so-and-so said or as the saying goes suggests that the quote that follows has just been illustrated. Such phrases are inappropriately used when an apparent counterexample has just been given.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The force of selfishness is as inevitable and as calculable as the force of gravitation' contains an inappropriate usage of a phrase, according to the principle stated above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2931, "premise": "A university sports meeting is about to be held, the school of Economics and Management plans to form a representative team of 12 people to participate in the competition, the players will be selected from the students of 4 grades of the college. College regulations: each grade must choose one or two of the five events in long-distance running, sprint, high jump, long jump, shot put to participate in the competition, the rest of the events can be arbitrary choice; If a grade chooses to run, it cannot choose to sprint or jump; If a grade chooses the long jump, can not choose to run or shot put; Each team member participates in only one event. The number of players selected for the representative team varies from grade to grade. The number of players in two grades multiplied by the number of players in the other grade", "hypothesis": "If a grade does not have the smallest number of team members and chooses to run long distances, choosing a sprint or long jump is not possible for that grade.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1770, "premise": "The so-called IP address or network name as the defendant, in fact, only for the pre-filing procedure. In this way, the plaintiff of network infringement can apply to the people's court to investigate the relevant information of the defendant's identity, which can be verified and formally filed for trial, and if it cannot be identified, it will not be accepted. It can be seen that the plaintiff is actually requesting the court to use its investigative power to find out who is behind the IP address or Internet name, transferring the power to investigate and verify the specific identity of the defendant to the court. The plaintiff does not have the special investigative power, and most members of the public do not have the technological means to track the Internet. If the court intervenes and still cannot find out, it will not accept the case. As long as there is no clear defendant, the plaintiff's lawsuit is meaningless ------ Not to mention the trial process, the defendant cannot defend, even if the plaintiff wins the lawsuit, there is no person responsible to bear the corresponding civil liability.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of a text's main idea is 'Analysis of the plaintiff in the network infringement cases in the disadvantageous position.'", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1172, "premise": "The study of Management localization research in China should use the method of property research. Because the study of nature does not have a clear procedure and path to follow as quantitative research, it is complicated and time-consuming to do at the beginning, which is even more difficult for researchers who are used to quantitative research and logical empirical research.This is why some researchers give up the real study of Management localization research to do some research with a fixed research paradigm and a clearer paradigm, and publish papers more quickly. At the same time, it is a research topic that is more favored by international prison editors.", "hypothesis": "The main explanation of Management localization research in China is that we should overcome the thought of being anxious to make meritorious service.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10867, "premise": "Drug company manager: Our newest product is just not selling. One way to save it would be a new marketing campaign. This would not guarantee success, but it is one chance to save the product, so we should try it.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The drug company has invested heavily in its newest product, and losses due to this product would be harmful to the company's profits' most seriously weakens the manager's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8850, "premise": "Referring to the photos of the US military abusing prisoners, someone said: if you don't want to be caught on the spot doing something stupid, you don't do anything stupid.", "hypothesis": "Or get caught on the spot when you do something stupid, or don't do something stupid has a different meaning from the above sentence.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5863, "premise": "There are four siblings A B C D. A said D is the youngest sister. B said there is only one boy among the siblings, and C said I am A's sister.", "hypothesis": "If all of the above is true, A is second and it's a girl; C is first and it's a girl.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8223, "premise": "Hundreds of medical institutions around the world claim that stem cell therapy can repair damaged tissue cells in multiple sclerosis patients. Experts point out that these agencies advertise directly to patients that they can cure diseases when there is actually no evidence that they work or cause harm. In this case, dealing with advertising is necessary, and certain types of stem cell transplants, such as those using blood or skin stem cells, have been approved by oversight agencies after extensive clinical trials have been shown to treat certain types of cancer and to allow burn patients to undergo skin grafts. While stem cell therapies are promising, many potential stem cell therapies are still in the early stages of development, have yet to be approved by regulators, and require rigorous clinical trials and regulatory procedures to determine whether they are safe and effective, experts said.", "hypothesis": "The text is intended to illustrate that stem cell therapy still has certain risks.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10937, "premise": "<b> Environmental organizations want to preserve the land surrounding the Wilgrinn Wilderness Area from residential development. </b> They plan to do this by purchasing that land from the farmers who own it. That plan is ill-conceived: if the farmers did sell their land, they would sell it to the highest bidder, and developers would outbid any other bidders. On the other hand, <b> these farmers will never actually sell any of the land, provided that farming it remains viable </b>. But farming will not remain viable if the farms are left unmodernized, and most of the farmers lack the financial resources modernization requires. And that is exactly why a more sensible preservation strategy would be to assist the farmers to modernize their farms to the extent needed to maintain viability.", "hypothesis": "The first presents a goal that the argument endorses; the second presents a situation that the argument contends must be changed if that goal is to be met in the foreseeable future is the role played by the two boldface proportions in the argument as a whole.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9942, "premise": "Over the past three years, three canoes have been excavated successively on the beach of the Huaihe River in Xi County, Xinyang County, Henan Province. Among them, the first canoe was found under the beach of the Huaihe River of Zhangzhuang formation in Xuzhuang Village, suburban Township, Xixian County in 2010, which has been proved to be one of the earliest and largest canoes found in archaeology in China. The canoe is 9.3 meters long, 0.8 meters wide and 0.6 meters high. According to carbon-14 measurements, these canoes are made of the same materials as the wood produced in tropical Yunnan. This shows that in ancient times more than 3000 years ago, the climate of Henan was very similar to that of the tropics today. The climate on both sides of the middle and lower reaches of the Huaihe River is warm and humid, with tall and dense trees and a wide variety of animals and plants.", "hypothesis": "The raw materials of these canoes can not be transported from the remote primeval forests of Yunnan, but can only be used locally, if true, can best support the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9141, "premise": "The important difference between civilized man and savages or other animals is that instinctive impulses are suppressed by foresight, only when a man does something not by instinctual impulses, but because his reason tells him that in the future At some point he would benefit from it, and that's when the real foresight came. Ploughing the land is a deliberate act, people work in the spring to eat in the winter", "hypothesis": "The assumption upon which the above argument relies is that man not only suppresses instinctual impulses through his own foresight, but also suppresses instinctual impulses through external laws, habits, and religions.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8352, "premise": "Language, like culture, is rarely self-sufficient, so the borrowing of words has been a common language phenomenon since ancient times. However, when foreign words enter a country, the local people will unconsciously mutate and transform their original appearance while adapting and absorbing new elements. With the passage of time, foreign words will gradually localize, grow for a long time, the origin is vague, the aspect is separated, and the variation is repeated. Once the exotic features of loanwords (such as phonemes, syllable composition, etc.) are diluted or disappeared in the user's consciousness, they will be regarded by the locals as part of their mother tongue.", "hypothesis": "The reasons for the desalination and disappearance of foreign words in their mother tongue focus on the description of this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7322, "premise": "Peer education refers to the use of the same age, knowledge background and interests of peers, friends' opinions and suggestions are easy to be adopted to carry out related education.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Wang, who has a history of drug abuse for four years and successfully detoxified, belongs to peer education as a volunteer counselor in the drug rehabilitation center.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3470, "premise": "The so-called area source pollution refers to the dissolved or solid pollutants flowing into the receiving water body (including rivers, lakes, reservoirs and bays) through the runoff process from non-specific places under the scouring action of precipitation (or snow melting), and causing water eutrophication or other forms of pollution. It is a type of water environment pollution relative to point source pollution.", "hypothesis": "The industrial sewage from the paper mill is discharged into the lake through the sewage pipe without treatment belongs to area source pollution according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10035, "premise": "Harbin people are all northerners, and some Harbin people are not workers.", "hypothesis": "If the above proposition is correct, some workers are not northerners must also be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1847, "premise": "Sinology, also known as Pu Xue, refers to the exegetical study of Han Confucianism, which flourished in the Qianlong Jiaqing period of the Qing Dynasty; Song Xue refers to the Neo-Confucianism of Cheng Zhu, Lu Wang in the Song Dynasty (including Yuan and Ming). The former pays attention to textual research, while the latter pays attention to the meaning of nature, the limit of the door is very strict, and the growth and decline of each other.", "hypothesis": "The difference between Sinology and Song Xue is discussed by the author in the above discourse.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10692, "premise": "Consumer advocate: A recent study concluded that top-loading washing machines are superior overall to front-loaders. But front-loaders have the controls and access in front. This is more convenient for wheelchair users, some of whom find it highly inconvenient to remove laundry from top-loaders. So for some consumers front-loaders are superior.", "hypothesis": "Retrieving clothes from a top-loader is convenient for people who do not use wheelchairs is an assumption upon which the consumer advocate's argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5356, "premise": "The core of the corporate culture is the people-oriented values, specifically, respecting people, serving people, and developing people. Respecting people is equal, caring, understanding, and tolerant to people; serving people is to provide people with thoughtful and meticulous services and provide a variety of Measures to protect and guarantee; developing people is to fulfill people's various rights and interests in response to their actual needs and goals.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, treating people as natural resources instead of money and machines is at the core of the corporate culture.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15029, "premise": "Nutritionist: The healthiest soups all contain spinach and various other vegetables. Few vegetable soups are thought to be rich in nutrients. The lower the nutritional benefit of a food, the less healthy it is. No vegetable soup that does not contain spinach then should be considered healthy.", "hypothesis": "Investigating whether cream soups are healthier than vegetable soups would be most relevant in evaluating the conclusion of the nutritionist's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5949, "premise": "Many elderly Beijings have never forgotten the unique skills they saw at temple fairs when they were young. Today, these unique skills have more formal names-folk art. However, as the modernization of society accelerates, Chinese folk culture is facing unprecedented crisis. The survival crisis of the city, the continuous change of the urban environment, the rapid diversion and transfer of people's interests and hobbies, and the gradual loss of folk art talents, all of which make the development of folk art face difficulties.", "hypothesis": "Folk culture needs rescue protection can be derived from this text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2185, "premise": "Every city has an optimal size, which depends on the contrast between the positive and negative effects of city size. In reality, the positive effects are mainly the agglomeration effects of urban economy, while the negative effects include traffic congestion, environmental pollution, high house prices, inadequate infrastructure and so on. Economic agglomeration will not only improve labor productivity, but also make urban land and housing prices rise. At this time, the production costs of enterprises and the living costs of residents will rise. Urban overcrowding, pollution and crime will also offset the benefits of urban expansion. Only when the positive effects of a city exceed its production or living costs will enterprises and residents stay in the city.", "hypothesis": "The option 'The agglomeration utility of economy is an important factor in determining the size of a city' is not matching the meaning of the text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11957, "premise": "Roses always provide a stunning display of color, but only those flowers that smell sweet are worth growing in a garden. Some roses have no scent.", "hypothesis": "All flowers with no scent provide a stunning display of color is a conclusion that can be properly drawn from the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6293, "premise": "Before I learned history, I believed that most of the fields had been cultivated by people, but later I discovered that I'm wrong. Even if it is a task that is very hot explored by people, you should carefully study the existing research results and compare them with some relevant historical materials. And you will find that almost everyone and every piece of history has something that have been neglected by historians, and there are a lot of research gaps.", "hypothesis": "There is still much to be done in the study of history is the most accurate summary of the views on the above passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 175, "premise": "The bullwhip effect is a phenomenon of demand variation and amplification in the supply chain. It means that when the information flow is transmitted from the final client to the original supplier, the sharing of information cannot be effectively realized, which makes the phenomenon of information distortion amplify step by step, leading to greater and greater fluctuations in demand information.", "hypothesis": "The bullwhip effect belongs to a merchandise sales center increasing its efforts to put the merchandise on the market based on market trends and monthly sales, and more and more retailers choosing the merchandise.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12422, "premise": "Economist: In today' s post-industrial economy, higher education is essential for achieving prosperity. Without a college degree or higher, citizens do not have access to the highest quartile of salaries, and only individuals earning salaries in this highest quartile have enough disposable income to buy real estate and invest in long term assets.", "hypothesis": "The argument assumes that all the jobs in the highest quartile of salaries require skills that are always covered as part of a college education.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1770, "premise": "The so-called IP address or network name as the defendant, in fact, only for the pre-filing procedure. In this way, the plaintiff of network infringement can apply to the people's court to investigate the relevant information of the defendant's identity, which can be verified and formally filed for trial, and if it cannot be identified, it will not be accepted. It can be seen that the plaintiff is actually requesting the court to use its investigative power to find out who is behind the IP address or Internet name, transferring the power to investigate and verify the specific identity of the defendant to the court. The plaintiff does not have the special investigative power, and most members of the public do not have the technological means to track the Internet. If the court intervenes and still cannot find out, it will not accept the case. As long as there is no clear defendant, the plaintiff's lawsuit is meaningless ------ Not to mention the trial process, the defendant cannot defend, even if the plaintiff wins the lawsuit, there is no person responsible to bear the corresponding civil liability.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate summary of the text's main idea is that it explains the way and significance of clarifying the defendant in network infringement cases.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13127, "premise": "The principal of School X has proposed a plan that would add an hour-long study period to the end of the school day. She claims that the extension would improve the school's average score on the math section of the state assessment by allowing students more time to complete math homework that they wouldn't otherwise have time to complete.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"The core components of School X's math curriculum are not aligned with the topics tested on the state math assessment\" would most weaken the argument presented above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15087, "premise": "Last year all refuse collected by Shelbyville city services was incinerated. This incineration generated a large quantity of residual ash. In order to reduce the amount of residual ash Shelbyville generates this year to half of last year's total, the city has revamped its collection program. This year city services will separate for recycling enough refuse to reduce the number of truckloads of refuse to be incinerated to half of last year's number.", "hypothesis": "The refuse incinerated this year will generate no more residual ash per truckload incinerated than did the refuse incinerated last year is required for the revamped collection program to achieve its aim.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2694, "premise": "Nowadays, children's homework is not only their own business, the parents of most primary and middle school students are faced with the task of doing homework with their children, including dictation, checking homework, signing and so on. According to a survey of more than 3000 parents, 84 percent of parents accompany their children to do their homework every day, while 67 percent of the parents surveyed worry about doing homework with their children. Some experts pointed out that parents accompany their children to do their homework, which is equivalent to acting as an assistant to school teachers, allowing the family to become an extension of the classroom, which will adversely affect the growth of children.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Parents accompany their children to do their homework, which will make their children lack independence and initiative in learning. Under the double pressure of teachers and parents all day, it is not only difficult to develop interest in learning, but also more difficult to develop independent personality' can best support the above expert's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8279, "premise": "Function is the inherent efficiency of things, it is determined by the structure of internal elements of things, and it is a kind of internal mechanism which is relatively stable and independent from the interior of things. Function is the external effect produced by the relationship between things and the external environment.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, mobile phone has the function of communication is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12569, "premise": "A coffee manufacturer wants more restaurant chains to serve its brands of coffee. The manufacturer is considering a plan to offer its coffee to large chains at a significantly lower price, at least for a certain period. This lower price initially will reduce the manufacturer' s profits, but they hope to get into enough nationwide restaurant chains that their volume increases significantly. Once they have a much higher volume, even a small increase in their price would have an enormous effect on their profits.", "hypothesis": "It would be most helpful to know whether the manufacturer will use the same shipping system as it has been using to ship coffee to restaurants across the country in evaluating the plan's chances of success.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14376, "premise": "Graphologists claim that it is possible to detect permanent character traits by examining people' s handwriting. For example, a strong cross on the tis supposed to denote enthusiasm. Obviously, however, with practice and perseverance people can alter their handwriting to include this feature. So it seems that graphologists must hold that permanent character traits can be changed.", "hypothesis": "The argument against graphology proceeds by citing apparently incontestable evidence that leads to absurd consequences when conjoined with the view in question.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9018, "premise": "A street comprehensive management committee has a total of 6 members: F, G, H, I, M and P. Each of these members shall serve as a member of at least one of the three sub-committees under the Comprehensive Management Committee. Each sub-committee consists of three different members. The known information is as follows: one of the six members serves as a member of three subcommittees. F is not a member of the same subcommittee as G. H is not a member of the same subcommittee as I.", "hypothesis": "I only serve as a member of one sub-committee must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 305, "premise": "Due to problems in chemical fertilizers, pesticide application and management techniques in recent years, the production of green onions in the main producing areas of northern China has dropped significantly, and domestic prices have risen rapidly. If we want to maintain domestic prices, we must strictly limit the export of green onions. Because the export contracts of companies engaged in the export trade of green onions are signed at low prices, if they continue to perform the contracts when the price of green onions rises sharply, these companies will suffer serious losses. However, if the export of green onions is strictly restricted, China's share of the international green onion market will be replaced by other countries or regions.", "hypothesis": "If the above statement is true, companies engaged in the export trade of green onions will definitely actively lobby the government to formulate policies that strictly restrict the export of green onions must be true.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10713, "premise": "Columnist: Over the last 20 years the demand in North America for Japanese-made automobiles has increased, whereas the Japanese demand for North American-made automobiles has been stagnant. Until recently, this imbalance could plausibly be attributed to Japanese models' superior fuel efficiency and reliability, but now cars made in North America are by these standards the equal of any Japanese model. What North American exporters continue to ignore is that the Japanese drive on the left side of the road. Ttherefore, one obstacle to reducing the automotive trade imbalance will be removed if North American manufacturers simply produce more cars with right-side steering wheels.", "hypothesis": "The assumption required by the columnist's argument is that the automotive trade imbalance can be lessened only if North American manufacturers produce automobiles that more effectively meet the needs of Japanese buyers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12342, "premise": "Producer: It has been argued that, while the government should not censor television shows, the public should boycott the advertisers of shows that promote violence and erode our country' s values. But this would be censorship nonetheless, for if the public boycotted the advertisers, then they would cancel their advertisements, causing some shows to go off the air; the result would be a restriction of the shows that the public can watch.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that 'For any television show that promotes violence and erodes values, there will be an audience' is necessary to properly infer the producer's conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12376, "premise": "Psychologist: Although studies of young children have revealed important facts about the influence of the environment on language acquisition, it is clear that one cannot attribute such acquisition solely to environmental influences: innate mechanisms also play a role. So, the most reasonable question that ought to be studied is whether__.", "hypothesis": "Innate mechanisms are a contributing factor in language learning most logically completes the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13203, "premise": "In preagricultural societies, social roles were few and were easily predicted for each phase of a person' s life. Accordingly, interpersonal relations, although not always pleasant or fair, were stable and predictable. Modern society, on the other hand, has thousands of different social roles. Technology and consumerism require that each of us fill highly particularized niches, and these niches are differentiating at an astonishing pace. Ttherefore, __ .", "hypothesis": "The most important difference between modern and preagricultural societies is the variety and type of social roles permitted in each, which logically completes the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2263, "premise": "183/5000 According to solubility, pesticides can be divided into water soluble and fat soluble. The traditional method of soaking in water can only remove the water-soluble pesticides on the surface of fruits and vegetables, but can not remove the main residues of fat-soluble pesticides. Moreover, in the process of soaking, water-soluble pesticides will dissolve in water and form an aqueous solution with a certain concentration. If soaking time is too long, it is likely to lead to the re-adsorption of pesticides in water by fruits and vegetables, and also cause many water-soluble nutrients in vegetables, such as vitamin C. As well as calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc and other dissolved in water, resulting in the loss of its nutrients.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Water soaking method has limitations in cleaning fruits and vegetables' best sums up the meaning of the text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13339, "premise": "Cats spend much of their time sleeping; they seem to awaken only to stretch and yawn. Yet they have a strong, agile musculature that most animals would have to exercise strenuously to acquire.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Cats derive ample exercise from frequent stretching' most helps to resolve the apparent paradox described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4656, "premise": "Regional Economic Cooperation: refers to the economic alliance and cooperation between countries or regions with similar regions.", "hypothesis": "APEC belongs to regional economic cooperation according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5225, "premise": "Global warming refers to a period of time, the Earths atmosphere and oceans because of the greenhouse effect caused by rising temperatures of climate change, as one of the tragedy of the Commons, and its effect is called the global warming effect.", "hypothesis": "Over 95 percent of the continent, where the average annual temperature is above 20 degree, is hot all year round and nearly half of the region has hot and cool seasons is not an effect of global warming according to the definition above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8408, "premise": "The winter of 2020 seems to come earlier than usual. Before November, there was the first snowfall and the temperature dropped below zero in some parts of our country. According to this, the winter of 2020 will be the coldest winter in China in 60 years.", "hypothesis": "According to statistics, the time of the first snowfall is not significantly related to the average temperature throughout the winter most weakens the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1560, "premise": "Finally, the state has issued a policy to emphasize the protection of cultural relics, which is a good thing. There are not many cultural relics in China that have been destroyed after the two major shocks of revolution and construction.On the surface, China has become a younger city than the United States, and there is one more than New York, and the buildings in New York are all new steel and concrete, glass squares, streets and neon lights, and every city is the same.Are there any cultural relics in the museums of several central cities and in the hands of private collectors? however, the things there are not cultural relics, but goods that are divorced from the cultural background, just like the Chinese cultural relics in the Metropolitan Museum of New York, just the value of appreciation and auction.", "hypothesis": "The cultural value of cultural relics is eternal reflects the main idea of this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7293, "premise": "In the face of the increasingly fierce international competition in the development of science and technology in the world, only by putting science and technology on the strategic position of giving priority to development, doing solid work and catching up with others can we grasp the opportunity and win the initiative of development.", "hypothesis": "The statement that 'we must promote scientific and technological progress as a national development strategy' can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13357, "premise": "Politician P: My opponent claims that the government is obligated to raise taxes to increase funding for schools and health care. Because raising taxes to increase funding for schools and health care would make taxpayers upset over their loss of buying power, my opponent is simply mistaken.", "hypothesis": "Politician P's reasoning is questionable because it involves concluding that a view is false on the grounds that its implementation would lead to unhappiness.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2619, "premise": "According to the statistics of the United Nations Development Programme in 2007, Norway is the country with the highest quality of life in the world, and developed countries such as Europe, the United States and Japan are also among the best. If you count the countries with the fastest improvement in quality of life since 1990, developed countries have lagged behind. Of the 116 countries counted by the United Nations Development Programme, Mozambique, a country in southeastern Africa, has seen the fastest improvement in quality of life over the past 17 years, with its quality of life index increasing by 50 per cent in 2007 compared with 1990. Many African countries have made similar achievements as Mozambique. As the most high-profile developing country in the world, China's quality of life index has also improved by 27% over the past 17 years.", "hypothesis": "In 2007, the quality of life index in Norway was higher than that in African countries can be derived from the statistics of the United Nations Development Programme.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5128, "premise": "Halo effect, also known as prejudice effect, refers to that the observer makes a biased (positive or negative) evaluation of a person according to the characteristics of that person, and extends this evaluation to other aspects.", "hypothesis": "When going out, her mother warned Xiao Min to pay attention to pickpockets on the bus. Xiao Min felt that everyone was like a pickpocket on the bus, so she held her bag tightly is not halo effect.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6150, "premise": "Since the first permanent pacemaker was implanted in the human body in 1958, manufacturers of implantable medical devices have been continuously researching various methods to provide electrical energy to their products. Non-rechargeable lithium batteries are currently more common. In transplantation equipment for heart disease and neurogenic diseases, non-rechargeable lithium batteries can generally be used for 7 to 10 years, and they are already relatively longevity. Researchers believe that unless breakthroughs are made in the field of bio-batteries, implantable devices will never work permanently and reliably.", "hypothesis": "This text is meant to explain that the development prospects of implantable medical devices are broad.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14495, "premise": "The familiar slogan survival of the fittest is popularly used to express the claim, often mistakenly attributed to evolutionary biologists, that the fittest are most likely to survive. However, biologists use the term fittest to mean most likely to survive,  so the slogan is merely claiming that the most likely to survive are the most likely to survive. While this claim is clearly true, it is a tautology and so is neither informative nor of scientific interest.", "hypothesis": "The truth of a purported scientific claim is not sufficient for it to be of scientific interest is the assumption required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12945, "premise": "The local radio station will not win the regional ratings race this year. In the past ten years the station has never finished better than fifth place in the ratings. The station' s manager has not responded to its dismal ratings by changing its musical format or any key personnel, while the competition has often sought to respond to changing tastes in music and has aggressively recruited the region' s top radio personalities.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument 'Recently stock prices have always been lower on Mondays. Therefore they will be lower this coming Monday too' is most similar to that in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9451, "premise": "All leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people will be respected by everyone; and leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people pay special attention to how to solve livelihood problems such as housing, medical treatment, education and pensions. Therefore, those leading cadres who do not pay attention to how to solve the problems of people's livelihood will not be respected by everyone.", "hypothesis": "In order to ensure that the above argument is established, the statement 'All leading cadres who are respected by everyone are leading cadres who truly care about the interests of the common people' must be added as a premise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6162, "premise": "In the early and mid-term of urbanization, the United States pursued the theory of free economy, and the market mechanism played a major role. The federal government's weak control measures led to excessive suburbanization, resulting in structural imbalances in urban development planning, disorderly expansion and spread of cities, and serious waste of land resources. A series of problems such as environmental damage. In this regard, in the later period of urbanization, the US government gradually increased its control efforts, through legislation and administrative intervention, strengthened urban planning and industrial planning, and gradually paid attention to environmental protection. Especially in the 1990s, the smart growth movement proposed by the US government had a profound impact on urbanization.", "hypothesis": "The enlightenment from this passage is that the coordinated development of urbanization and economy can only achieve results.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6947, "premise": "At present, the raw materials used in artificial joints are no more than metals and plastics. because chemicals such as potassium, sodium and chlorine in the human body may cause corrosion and rust of metal materials and aging of plastics, the chemicals of metals and plastics must be highly stable.", "hypothesis": "The main argument supported in this paragraph is that potassium, sodium, chlorine, and other chemicals in the human body are very active and corrosive.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3754, "premise": "There are five relatives A, B, C, D, and E. 4 of them each talked about a real situation, as follows: 1.B is my father's brother, 2.E is my mother-in-law, 3.C is my son-in-laws brother, 4.A is me brother's wife. Everyone mentioned above is one of these five people (for example, My father and My father's brother in 1. are one of the five people A, B, C, D, E ),", "hypothesis": "It can be seen that A is a child of B is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11590, "premise": "It now seems clear that the significant role initially predicted for personal computers in the classroom has not become fact. One need only look to the dramatic decline in sales of computers for classroom use in the past year for proof that the fad has passed.", "hypothesis": "The argument that 'it is apparent that consumers have tired of microwave ovens as quickly as they initially came to accept this recent invention. In contrast to several years of increasing sales following the introduction of microwave ovens, sales of microwave ovens flattened last year, indicating that consumers have found relatively little use for these devices' contains flawed reasoning parallel to that in the argument above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14286, "premise": "Most employees spend their time completing unimportant tasks for which they have been given firm schedules and deadlines. Efficient employees know how to ignore such demands and instead spend their time on projects that will yield big rewards for their employers if successful, even when such projects carry the risk of significant loss if unsuccessful.", "hypothesis": "Deciding to take an urgent call from a major customer instead of being punctual at a monthly sales meeting is an example of efficiency as described above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13884, "premise": "Early in the development of a new product line, the critical resource is talent. New marketing ventures require a degree of managerial skill disproportionate to their short-term revenue prospects. Usually, however, talented managers are assigned only to established high-revenue product lines and, as a result, most new marketing ventures fail. Contrary to current practice, the best managers in a company should be assigned to development projects.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The current revenue and profitability of an established product line can be maintained even if the company's best managers are assigned elsewhere' most strengthens the author's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9581, "premise": "Versailles literature refers to a way of speaking in a low-key but actually self-showing way of speaking in a variety of public occasions by suppressing and then raising, openly derogating and praising.", "hypothesis": "Mr. Liu often tells others: I'm not good at writing at all. I casually put a novel I wrote in high school on the Internet platform last year. I didn't expect more than one million hits. Now I don't understand what's going on belongs to Versailles literature.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4948, "premise": "In order to expand the sales revenue of its online store, a company has adopted various advertising and promotion methods, but the effect is not obvious. The company has hired a lot of professionals to conduct market analysis, and professionals believe that the population who has opened online banking This is the real potential customer base of online stores. So the company decided to cooperate with commercial banks to carry out publicity and promotion activities among the newly opened online banking business. But after a month, the effect was not satisfactory.", "hypothesis": "Generally speaking, it takes a period of time for those who have just opened online banking to make online purchases is true and can best explains the above result.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4937, "premise": "An agent refers to an institution or entity that acts as an agent for the sales, service and other related business matters of a certain product. The agent does not buy out the product, does not bear the risk of being unable to sell, and does not enjoy the profit of product sales, but depends on the service commission given by the product.", "hypothesis": "Agent being an independent business operator does not belong to the characteristics that an agent should have.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2957, "premise": "A company has implemented a office supplies thrift plan since the beginning of last year. Each employee can only receive a limited amount of paper and pens and other office supplies for free every month. At the end of the year, it was found that the company's expenditure on various office supplies decreased by 30% compared with the previous year. In the past five years when the plan was not implemented, the company consumed 100000 yuan of office supplies per year. The general manager of the company concluded that the plan had saved a lot of money for the company last year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Another company with a similar scale and basic situation has not implemented a similar thrift plan, but the per capita consumption of office supplies has become lower and lower in the past five years' is the best way to question the reasoning of the general manager if correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 846, "premise": "A company advertised: Half of the cameras produced by this company since 1995 are still in use, while two-thirds of the cameras produced by other companies at the same time cannot be used. The company hopes to use this advertisement to show consumers that the company's cameras are extremely durable.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Consumers who bought the company's cameras used the camera more often than consumers who bought cameras from other companies' can best support the views of the above advertisement.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10074, "premise": "Ranodon Sibiricus is an endangered and rare animal. It was first discovered by a Russian explorer in 1840. After that, it disappeared for more than 100 years. It was rediscovered in Wenquan County, Xinjiang in 1898. However, data show that in the 15 years since 1898, the number of the northern salamander in Xinjiang has been reduced by half. Some experts believe that the habitat of the Ranodon Sibiricus in Xinjiang was originally a local pasture. Every summer, cattle and sheep walking around on the prairie will trample them to death, resulting in a sharp decline in their numbers.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The habitat of Ranodon Sibiricus is located in the mountains, where general tourists cannot reach at all' would challenge most the opinion of the above expert.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 262, "premise": "A research team from Celera Genomics reported in the journal Science that compared mouse chromosomes with human chromosomes, they found that the two have 95% similarity in terms of genes, gene content, and DNA sequence. Therefore, in fact, there is not much difference between mouse and human.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that mice have no intelligence and their intelligence can be ignored when compared with human relies on the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1734, "premise": "Chinese word measure has the function of representation and rhetoric. For example, a shoe and a pair of shoes, a sheep and a flock of sheep. Here, only and two, the head and the flock serve to define and distinguish the number of sheep. Rhetorical functions such as an elephant and an elephant, a Buddha statue and a Buddha Statue, a picture and a picture. Here, there is no difference between head and only in quantity, but only in image. In the same way, there is no difference in quantity but only in feeling and style.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Neither the expressive function nor the rhetorical function are the basic characteristics of quantifiers\" is accurate in understanding the passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7144, "premise": "A community of shared destiny for mankind means taking into account the reasonable concerns of other countries in the pursuit of national interests and promoting the common development of all countries in the pursuit of national development. Mankind has only one earth and all countries live in one world. We should advocate the consciousness of a community of shared human destiny.", "hypothesis": "China is willing to always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order is not in line with the concept of a community of shared destiny for mankind according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13683, "premise": "Legislator: Your agency is responsible for regulating an industry shaken by severe scandals. You were given funds to hire 500 investigators to examine the scandals, but you hired no more than 400. I am forced to conclude that you purposely limited hiring in an attempt to prevent the full extent of the scandals from being revealed. Regulator: We tried to hire the 500 investigators but the starting salaries for these positions had been frozen so low by the legislature that it was impossible to attract enough qualified applicants.", "hypothesis": "The regulator responds to the legislator's criticism by providing information that challenges the conclusion drawn by the legislator.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6529, "premise": "The so-called modernization is to use high technology to preserve the most precious and important things of a nation, rather than uprooting the past and hurriedly transplanting something from a foreign country.All the preservation of culture is not simply for the memory of the past, but for the future, because those who do not have the past are bound to lose the future.", "hypothesis": "The value of protecting culture to the future development of the nation is mainly emphasized in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6464, "premise": "The word Skyscraper was originally a special term for the crew, meaning a tall pole or sail on a sailboat, and then it evolved into a specific term in architecture. In 1883, skyscraper first appeared in the article American Architects and Architecture News written by an American fantasy writer, and the term was born. Since then, many skyscrapers have been built, one after another, towering in the skies of major cities around the world.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, the meaning of words expands with the passage of time is incorrectly understood.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10303, "premise": "With the increase of age, people's daily demand for calories is decreasing, while the demand for vitamin B6 is gradually increasing. Unless older people take vitamin B6 as a supplement, or eat foods that contain more vitamin B6 than they ate when they were young, they are unlikely to get the vitamin B6 they need.", "hypothesis": "The answer to the question 'Are the consequences of not getting enough vitamin B6 a day more serious for the elderly than for the young?' is most helpful to evaluate the appeal argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6668, "premise": "During the Five Dynasties period, dynasties were frequently changed, and everything was simple and simple, and new construct was not considered. Therefore, before the next week, the scale of Kaifeng was about the same as that of the Tang Dynasty. In the week after Guo Wei was established, political and economic reforms were implemented, and the situation improved.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate retelling of the main meaning of this passage is that during the Five Dynasties there was little construction of the capital.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1056, "premise": "Internet tourism financial service refers to an emerging financial service that the tourism industry relies on Internet tools to realize financing, payment, information intermediary and other businesses. In the future, Internet tourism financial service will also have more advantages.", "hypothesis": "Tourism financial services have the advantages of wider coverage of users and more convenient and efficient services best supports the above view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2095, "premise": "Role failure means that the role bearer has been proved to be unable to continue to assume or perform the rights and obligations of the role, and has to withdraw halfway and give up the original role. From the perspective of the result of role failure, there are usually two types, one is the role The bearer has to withdraw from the role halfway, and the other is that although it is still in a certain role position, its performance has been proved to be a failure in practice.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, staff secondment is not a role failure.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7924, "premise": "Scientists have discovered that the rifting process at the bottom of the ocean never stops. The discovery may answer a question that has attracted attention. Earth's days are lengthening by 1/700 of a second, or half a second for every year that passes, and it is predicted that in another 200 million years there will be only 250 days in a year.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The ocean floor rifts spread, and the Earth's rotation speeds up' is the most accurate answer to a question that has attracted attention according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8335, "premise": "The key to being in power lies in the proper use of personnel. The grass-roots front line is at the forefront of serving the masses, and the masses' pursuit and expectations for a better life are rich and diverse, and a sufficient number of professional counterparts are needed to promote the governance of a highly effective. At present, great changes have taken place in the type of community in our country, the function carried by the community is more and more, and the situation of the community is complex and changeable. Convenient services for the people, such as supporting the army and families, providing for the aged and helping the disabled, epidemic prevention and control, charity and education, etc., all need the professional response ability of the relevant parties of community governance, such as community party organizations, neighborhood committees, community service stations, property service enterprises and so on.", "hypothesis": "The governance of the community needs to strengthen the construction of professional talents is mainly emphasized in this passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 679, "premise": "When ozone reaches a certain concentration, it will cause serious harm to human body. When people inhale ozone, ozone will burn the respiratory tract due to its strong oxidation, resulting in congestion or inflammation of the respiratory system. Children, the elderly and people with respiratory diseases are particularly hurt by ozone. According to expert estimates, in Europe, Ozone pollution has increased European mortality by 2% ~ 12%", "hypothesis": "Strong oxidation of ozone is the reason why it is harmful to people can be inferred from this.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2718, "premise": "Five of A, B, C, D and E of a company like to travel abroad. Last year, in Japan, South Korea, the United Kingdom and France, each of them traveled to two of these countries, and there were always 2-3 of them in each country. It is known that: (1) if A goes to Korea, D will not go to England. (2) C and E always travel abroad together last year. (3)  and B only travel to European countries.", "hypothesis": "If the total number of trips by five people to European countries is as large as that to Asian countries, E went to England can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8257, "premise": "Foil is to highlight the main things, with similar things or negative, different things as a foil to a rhetorical method. Contrast refers to a rhetorical method in which two opposite or similar things are compared with each other to express a certain thought or artistic conception together. The difference between the two lies in that the foil takes the secondary things as the foil to highlight the main things, while the two things reflected in the contrast do not distinguish between primary and secondary.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the use of both of the above rhetorical devices can be found in the statement \"Thousands of miles of yellow clouds and white sun, the north wind blows wild goose and snow.\"", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10779, "premise": "Biologist: Scientists have discovered fossilized bacteria in rocks 3. 5 billion years old. The fossils indicate that these bacteria were quite complex and so must have already had a long evolutionary history when fossilized 3. 5 billion years ago. However, Earth is only 4. 6 billion years old, so the first life on Earth must have appeared soon after the planet' s formation, when conditions were extremely harsh. This suggests that life may be able to arise under many difficult conditions throughout the universe.", "hypothesis": "The claim that the fossilized bacteria discovered in rocks 3.5 billion years old must have had a long evolutionary history is one for which some support is provided in the biologist's argument, but it is not used to support any other claim in the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 451, "premise": "Antisocial personality crime is a criminal act committed by the perpetrator based on antisocial abnormal personality. The characteristics of the perpetrator are as follows: 1. They have no obvious defects in intelligence and spirit, no delusions or other thinking obstacles. 2. Most of them have a criminal record of bad deeds and have committed many types of disciplinary, illegal and criminal acts. 3. They are impulsive and lack of thoughtful and clear motivation. 4. They have no psychology of repentance and remorse, and still break the law and commit crimes after receiving education or serving their sentences.", "hypothesis": "If the perpetrator's mental intelligence is normal, Wu has a criminal record of stealing and disabled the robber while fighting with him is most in line with the characteristics of antisocial personality crime.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 859, "premise": "The early universe contained only the lightest elements, hydrogen and nitrogen. Heavier elements, such as carbon, were only formed in stellar nuclear reactions and diverged when stars exploded. A layer of recently discovered nebulae contained billions of carbon. It was formed years ago, when the age of the universe was less than two billion years.", "hypothesis": "The carbon in the gas cloud later becomes part of the constituent stars can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3615, "premise": "The effect of the national regulation and control policy on the real estate market is showing.  There is a marked increase in the number of cities where the price of  first-hand,second-hand housing has declined, indicating that under the action of a series of macro-control policies, house price growth has entered the slow lane. Thus, purchase restrictions and bank credit tightening have curbed both supply and demand in the real estate market.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Loan applications received by banks have decreased significantly' can best refute the above conclusion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4834, "premise": "In order to allow residents to have housing, a city to raise funds to promote the construction of affordable housing. Next year, the division's housing construction into the completion of the climax. At present, the general concern of the public is aroused by how to define the eligibility for housing protection. Some people think that affordable housing is funded by the Government and therefore can only be purchased by the public. For non-residents of this city, should not have the qualifications to apply for affordable housing.", "hypothesis": "The option 'More than half of the city's resident population is non-resident' best challenges this view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 155, "premise": "Archaeology is a science that studies how to find and obtain the physical remains of ancient human society, and how to study the history of human society based on these remains. In other words, archaeology is the science of studying history through physical objects based on scientific excavation.", "hypothesis": "Estimate the value of exhibited artifacts belongs to archaeology according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14376, "premise": "Graphologists claim that it is possible to detect permanent character traits by examining people' s handwriting. For example, a strong cross on the tis supposed to denote enthusiasm. Obviously, however, with practice and perseverance people can alter their handwriting to include this feature. So it seems that graphologists must hold that permanent character traits can be changed.", "hypothesis": "The argument against graphology proceeds by showing that proponents of the view have no theoretical justification for the view.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12060, "premise": "The Biocarb Company wants to build a sterilization plant to treat contaminated medical waste in a city neighborhood where residents and environmental activists fear that such a facility will pollute the area. Biocarb' s president argues that the operation of the plant cannot cause pollution because the waste would be sterile after processing by the plant. He claims that after exposure for an hour to superheated steam in the autoclave, such refuse would be far cleaner than food prepared in the cleanest kitchen.", "hypothesis": "Handling of the waste before treatment in the proposed facility will not pose a threat of pollution to the area is an assumption required by the president's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14860, "premise": "Some works of art that today are recognized masterpieces were considered obscene when first created. It ttherefore follows that what is considered obscene or not obscene has changed over time.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the argument depends is that the number of things that are considered obscene has decreased with the passage of time.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8764, "premise": "Some good things are not cheap. Therefore, not all cheap things are good things.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"A good motive does not necessarily have a good effect. Therefore, good results do not necessarily come from good motivation\" is not a valid conclusion for the above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2892, "premise": "In the past 10 years, the sales of personal notebook computers of a computer company have continued to grow, but the growth rate is lower than the growth rate of the company's total sales of all products.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The proportion of personal notebook computer sales in the company's total product sales has risen from 68% to 72% in the past 10 years' conflicts with the above information.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1424, "premise": "Bacon once said, knowledge is power. Nowadays, in the information age, people can say that information is power, information, the technology and infrastructure to spread information, and the ability to master and apply information technology, which constitute a new source of rights. The network infrastructure all over the world, the continuously increasing network transmission rate, the increasingly perfect mobile portable Internet terminals, and the high-speed expansion of new media applications based on the digitization of interpersonal networks make the flow of information at a high speed and realize the transnational movement in real time. The emergence of video websites and social networking sites makes the information flow with simplicity, symbolization and fragmentation easier to spread, pay attention to, and therefore easier to respond to. The power of actors who can influence this flow of information will be enhanced, otherwise, it will be weakened.", "hypothesis": "It promotes the reconstruction of the elements of the source of power is emphasized in this paragraph with regard to network information technology and the use of new media.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1614, "premise": "On the whole, the GDP of the national economy is positively correlated with happiness. The more per capita income, the happier people are. However, when the GDP per capita exceeds 8000 US dollars, the correlation between happiness and economy is not obvious. According to the famous psychologist Seligman, wealth only has a great impact on happiness when it is scarce, and a particularly poor person will not feel happiness. But when wealth increases to a certain level, the correlation between wealth and happiness is much smaller. Even the top 100 millionaires in the Forbes list with a value of 125 million are only slightly happier than middle-income people.", "hypothesis": "The purpose of this paragraph is to present the idea that billionaires are no happier than the middle class.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5782, "premise": "No more penalty for one case refers to the administrative penalty that a party may not be fined more than twice for the same illegal act.", "hypothesis": "There is a restaurant in a certain county that started business without registering with the industry and commerce department, and was fined by the industry and commerce department half a year later. The county local tax bureau passed an investigation and issued a Notice of Tax Administrative Punishment Matters and Tax Treatment for the restaurant. Decision Letter, Tax Administrative Punishment Decision Letter, ordering them to make up taxes and pay additional late fees and fines is not no more penalty for one case.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10434, "premise": "It is generally believed that people's aesthetic judgment is subjective, and this is true in a short period of time, and people's evaluation of contemporary works of art often diverges greatly. However, over time, the subjective element in aesthetics gradually disappears. When a work of art continues to provide pleasure and beauty over the centuries, as in Da Vinci paintings and Bach's music, we can fairly objectively call it a great work.", "hypothesis": "If critics unanimously affirm a work of contemporary art, it is a great work is best supported by the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7023, "premise": "Since the 1990s, the global annual consumption of rare earth has increased from 33000 tons to more than 10 tons. Rare earth is not only an important raw material for traditional industries such as steel, nonferrous metals and oil, but also plays an irreplaceable role in the fields of photoelectric information, catalytic equivalent technology and new materials. In today's world, a new use of rare earth is found almost every three to five years, One of every four new technologies is related to rare earth. China is the largest resource country of rare earth, so it is urgent to protect rare earth resources.", "hypothesis": "The international community has regarded rare earth as a strategic resource is explained in the paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1847, "premise": "Sinology, also known as Pu Xue, refers to the exegetical study of Han Confucianism, which flourished in the Qianlong Jiaqing period of the Qing Dynasty; Song Xue refers to the Neo-Confucianism of Cheng Zhu, Lu Wang in the Song Dynasty (including Yuan and Ming). The former pays attention to textual research, while the latter pays attention to the meaning of nature, the limit of the door is very strict, and the growth and decline of each other.", "hypothesis": "The Portal dispute between Han confucianism and Song confucianism is discussed by the author in the above discourse.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11796, "premise": "Eight large craters run in a long straight line across a geographical region. Although some of the craters contain rocks that have undergone high-pressure shocks characteristic of meteorites slamming into Earth, these shocks could also have been caused by extreme volcanic events. Because of the linearity of the craters, it is very unlikely that some of them were caused by volcanoes and others were caused by meteorites. Thus, since the craters are all different ages, they were probably caused by volcanic events rather than meteorites.", "hypothesis": "No known natural cause would likely account for eight meteorite craters of different ages forming a straight line would most strengthen the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2196, "premise": "Cultural anxiety refers to the psychological state of confusion, anxiety, disappointment and lack of self-confidence caused by the squeeze of traditional culture by foreign culture in the process of globalization and modernization.", "hypothesis": "Squares, communities and parks containing foreign names such as Rome square and California town can be seen everywhere in cities large and small all over the country is not the cultural anxiety.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5387, "premise": "Road traffic accident refers to the event of personal injury or property loss caused by vehicle fault or accident on the road. Among them, road refers to roads, urban roads and places where social motor vehicles are allowed to pass although within the jurisdiction of the unit, including squares, public parking lots and other places used for public passage. Vehicle refers to motor vehicles and non motor vehicles. Non motor vehicles, It refers to the means of transport driven by human or animal power and running on the road, as well as the motor wheelchair, electric bicycle and other means of transport for the disabled whose design maximum speed, empty vehicle quality and overall dimensions meet the relevant national standards although driven by power devices.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the statement 'When the green light was on, Xiao Jiang crossed the zebra crossing and was injured by a bicycle running the red light' does not belong to road traffic accident.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2360, "premise": "At different times, about 7000 kinds of plants and hundreds of animals are used as food by human beings. The loss of species will reduce food diversity and make human beings rely on only a few major foods, thus breaking people's balanced diet. In addition, with the loss of species in the forest, the loss of species in the field may lead to an increase in the number of pathogens that are responsible for diseases in organisms. Some of the animals, plants and microbes that are most likely to become extinct are actually buffers for the spread of infectious diseases, which are responsible for many diseases on behalf of humans before they are infected.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The loss of species threatens the safety of human food' is inconsistent with the original text.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12504, "premise": "Scientist: Some colonies of bacteria produce antibiotic molecules called phenazines, which they use to fend off other bacteria. We hypothesize that phenazines also serve as molecular pipelines that give interior bacteria access to essential nutrients in the environment surrounding the colony.", "hypothesis": "Bacteria colonies that do not produce phenazines form wrinkled surfaces, thus increasing the number of bacteria that are in direct contact with the surrounding environment provides the most support for the scientist's hypothesis.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4782, "premise": "Some scholars have investigated and studied some successful female secretaries, showing that female secretaries have a strong modern consciousness and a keen modern vision, and they have proficient PR skills. It is precisely because they have the above two advantages that they play a well-deserved and important role on social stage, and they have excellent performance in resolving conflicts and troubleshooting. According to this, scholars have concluded that it is better for leaders to hire female secretaries than male secretaries.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"A qualified secretary must not only have a strong modern awareness and skilled PR skills, but also some more important qualities\" can weaken the above argument most.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6530, "premise": "Some of the covers on the ancient cars are made of mats, some are made of linen, and the top is steeper, picking up to the edge of the canopy to form a curve. The advantage of this is that it can not block the view of passengers and it can make Rain Water on the roof line further.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this passage is that the design of the cover of an ancient car is both practical and aesthetic.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2982, "premise": "Professionals predict that if grain prices remain stable, vegetable prices will also remain stable; if edible oil prices are unstable, vegetable prices will also fluctuate. Lao Li concluded that grain prices will remain stable, but meat prices will rise.", "hypothesis": "If the price of cooking oil fluctuates, then the price of meat will not rise can best question Lao Li's point of view according to the above professional forecasts.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8854, "premise": "Aluminum alloys have widely replaced steel in military equipment because they provide the same protection and are lighter. But an armored vehicle made of aluminum alloy costs twice as much as a armored vehicle made of steel. Therefore, from a financial point of view, it is not advisable to replace the armored vehicles made of steel with armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy with the same protective performance.", "hypothesis": "The operating cost of the armored vehicles made of aluminum alloy is 1/3 of that of the armored vehicles made of steel with the same performance can raise greater doubts about the above conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9091, "premise": "WiFi emitters produce electromagnetic radiation. Five middle school students in Denmark nurtured the seeds of water celery in rooms with and without WiFi emitters. After 12 days, they found that the germination rate of seeds in the room without WiFi emitters was 95.4%, and that the germination rate of seeds in the room with WiFi emitters was 85.3%. As a result, many people worry that the radiation of WiFi will affect the health of the human body. However, many experts believe that the above experiments are not rigorous, and it can not be concluded that the radiation of WiFi is harmful to the human body based on the experiment.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The effect of the radiation of WiFi on human body is not only related to its frequency, but also to the distance between transmitter of WiFi and human body' does not support the views of these experts.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10947, "premise": "Paulsville and Longtown cannot both be included in the candidate' s itinerary of campaign stops. The candidate will make a stop in Paulsville unless Salisbury is made part of the itinerary. Unfortunately, a stop in Salisbury is out of the question. Clearly, then, a stop in Longtown can be ruled out.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning in the argument above most closely parallels that in the argument which states: 'The city cannot afford to build both a new stadium and the new road that would be needed to get there. But neither of the two projects is worth doing without the other. Since the city will not undertake any but worthwhile projects, the new stadium will not be constructed at this time.'", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3662, "premise": "If the electricity runs out, the electric bike will not be able to move on. My electric bike can't go on, so the electricity must have run out.", "hypothesis": "Xiaoli did not study hard is most similar to the reasoning of the question.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14246, "premise": "Although it has been suggested that Arton' s plays have a strong patriotic flavor, we must recall that, at the time of their composition, her country was in anything but a patriotic mood. Unemployment was high, food was costly, and crime rates were soaring. As a result, the general morale of her nation was at an especially low point. Realizing this, we see clearly that any apparent patriotism in Arton' s work must have been intended ironically.", "hypothesis": "The reasoning above is questionable because it takes for granted that straightforward patriotism is not possible for a serious writer.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4312, "premise": "It was learned from the Ministry of Supervision of the Central Economic Commission that in 2004, the university's charging standards will continue to remain stable and no new projects will be established. However, the Qilu Evening News reported on the same day that the Shandong Education Department announced that the popular majors charge of ordinary universities will rise by 10%. Previously, Changsha The Evening News reported that the tuition fees for popular majors in universities in Hunan can be increased by no more than 30% on the basis of the unified provincial fee standard.", "hypothesis": "From this text, we can know that some college fees will continue to rise.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1930, "premise": "Whether it is Douyin's slogan record the good Life or Kuaishou's slogan record the World record you, all emphasize the recording function of short videos. In this sense, short videos have similar functions to documentaries. From a micro point of view, short video records only some fragmented content, but from a macro point of view, short video records the overall style of an era. Different from documentaries, the recording of short videos is a kind of jigsaw recording, which collages the fragmented records of ordinary individuals' moments of life, and records the overall style of an era from its rich and diverse perspectives.", "hypothesis": "The short video records fragmented content is intended to be emphasized in this passage.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1152, "premise": "In a mature economic policy system and economics education system, economic theory must be more realistic, and economic policies must also be based on theoretical logic. However, the combination of this theory and reality should rely on the expansion of the disciplines and theories The progress of China depends on the scientific division of labor and professional positioning, rather than on individual abilities or role changes.", "hypothesis": "Whether we can formulate a reasonable economic policy depends on the ability of economists is not understood correctly.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12094, "premise": "Zachary: One would have to be blind to the reality of moral obligation to deny that people who believe a course of action to be morally obligatory for them have both the right and the duty to pursue that action, and that no one else has any right to stop them from doing so. Cynthia: But imagine an artist who feels morally obliged to do whatever she can to prevent works of art from being destroyed confronting a morally committed antipornography demonstrator engaged in destroying artworks he deems pornographic. According to your principle that artist has, simultaneously, both the right and the duty to stop the destruction and no right whatsoever to stop it.", "hypothesis": "Cynthia's response to Zachary's claim is structured to demonstrate that Zachary's principle is untenable on its own terms.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8095, "premise": "The company arranged 8 people A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H to go on business trip, and they were just arranged in 8 adjacent rooms in the same row of the hotel. It is known that :\u2460 there are 3 people between A and C; \u2461 There are two people between B and F; \u2462 D is to the left of G, and there are two people between them. There is a person between H and E.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above information, it is impossible for D to be in the fourth room in order from left to right.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1113, "premise": "It is understood that in response to the phenomenon of falsely high drug prices, the National Development and Reform Commission hopes that through statistics from the Drug Administration, since the government resumed control of the prices of some drugs, it has carried out 17 drug price cuts. Up to now, the national medical insurance catalog has been formulated and adjusted. The highest retail price of more than 1,000 medicines. However, due to the cumbersome circulation and dark-box operation, the price of medicines is still very high, and the actual drug prices are still quite different from the expectations of patients.", "hypothesis": "According to this text, the control of drug prices is the fundamental way to solve the falsely high drug prices.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13737, "premise": "Each year, an official estimate of the stock of cod in the Grand Banks is announced. This estimate is obtained by averaging two separate estimates of how many cod are available, one based on the number of cod caught by research vessels during a once-yearly sampling of the area and the other on the average number of tons of cod caught by various commercial vessels per unit of fishing effort expended there in the past year -- a unit of fishing effort being one kilometer of net set out in the water for one hour. In previous decades, the two estimates usually agreed closely. However, for the last decade the estimate based on commercial tonnage has been increasing markedly, by about the same amount as the samplingbased estimate has been decreasing.", "hypothesis": "If the statements in the passage are true, the most strongly supported statement is that twenty years ago, the overall stock of cod in the Grand Banks was officially estimated to be much larger than it is estimated to be today.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8348, "premise": "The blackmail of public opinion means the profit-seeking behavior of deliberately provoking trouble or controversy with outrageous words and deeds in order to arouse the attention of public opinion.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'A certain factory owed its workers several months' wages, but the workers repeatedly asked for nothing and went to the government's petition department to report it. The relevant departments were ready to interview the factory leader, and the factory director came forward to pay the wages in arrears' belongs to the blackmail of public opinion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7267, "premise": "During the National Games, there are 8 athletes living in building F. among them, one is from Heilongjiang, two are from the north, one is from Guangdong, two are track and field athletes, and three are main athletes. The above statistics involve all 8 athletes in building F.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The main players are southerners' contradicts the information stated in the stem.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9713, "premise": "Most galaxies are moving away from us, and their receding speed (redshift) is proportional to the distance of the galaxies. This proportional coefficient, now known as the Hubble constant, represents the current rate of expansion of the universe. One of the core tasks of observational cosmology is to measure the relationship between distance and redshift. it describes the history of cosmic expansion, answers basic questions about the age, geometry and composition of the universe, and even tests many new physical predictions. In astronomical observations, the redshift of distant celestial bodies can be accurately obtained, but the accurate measurement of distance has always been the biggest problem for astronomers.", "hypothesis": "Breakthroughs in the measurement of distances is most likely to be discussed by the author next.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11464, "premise": "Physicalists expect that ultimately all mental functions will be explainable in neurobiological terms. Achieving this goal requires knowledge of neurons and their basic functions, a knowledge of how neurons interact, and a delineation of the psychological faculties to be explained. At present, there is a substantial amount of fundamental knowledge about the basic functions of neurons, and the scope and character of such psychological capacities as visual perception and memory are well understood. Thus, as the physicalists claim, mental functions are bound to receive explanations in neurobiological terms in the near future.", "hypothesis": "The statement that the passage does not indicate that any knowledge has been achieved about how neurons interact indicates an error in the reasoning in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 953, "premise": "A new, more aggressive fungus that caused the potato famine in the 19th century in Ireland has recently emerged. Fortunately, because the new fungus can be killed by newly used fungicides, it will not cause widespread food shortages in the countries currently dependent on potatoes.", "hypothesis": "If most governments have special funds to reduce large-scale disasters such as severe food shortages and floods, then this information can most doubt the above statement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12922, "premise": "The radiation absorbed by someone during an ordinary commercial airline flight is no more dangerous than that received during an ordinary dental X-ray. Since a dental X-ray does negligible harm to a person, we can conclude that the radiation absorbed by members of commercial airline flight crews will also do them negligible harm.", "hypothesis": "The longer and the more often one is exposed to radiation, the more radiation one absorbs and the more seriously one is harmed is a flaw in the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1896, "premise": "Eyre, Oman and Derby, one of these three countries belongs to Asia, one belongs to Europe, and the other belongs to Africa. Eyre is not as big as the European countries among them, and the Derby is smaller than the African countries among them, and the European countries among them are bigger than Oman.", "hypothesis": "The order of the three countries from large to small is Oman, Eyre and Derby.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10745, "premise": "A number of Grandville' s wealthiest citizens have been criminals. So, since it is of utmost importance that the Grandville Planning Committee be composed solely of individuals whose personal standards of ethics are beyond reproach, no wealthy person should be appointed to that committee.", "hypothesis": "The argument is most vulnerable to the criticism that it confuses a result with something that is sufficient for bringing about that result.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11220, "premise": "If the price it pays for coffee beans continues to increase, the Coffee Shoppe will have to increase its prices. In that case, either the Coffee Shoppe will begin selling noncoffee products or its coffee sales will decrease. But selling noncoffee products will decrease the Coffee Shoppe' s overall profitability. Moreover, the Coffee Shoppe can avoid a decrease in overall profitability only if its coffee sales do not decrease.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The Coffee Shoppe's overall profitability will decrease if the price it pays for coffee beans continues to increase' follows logically from the statements above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14895, "premise": "In many languages other than English there is a word for mother' s brotherwhich is different from the word for father' s brother,  whereas English uses the word uncle for both. Thus, speakers of these languages evidence a more finely discriminated kinship system than English speakers do. The number of basic words for colors also varies widely from language to language. Ttherefore, speakers of languages that have fewer basic words for colors than English has must be perceptually unable to distinguish as many colors as speakers of English can distinguish.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Speakers of English are able to distinguish between lighter and darker shades of the color they call blue, for which Russian has two different basic words' undermines the conclusion concerning words for colors.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13326, "premise": "The foreign minister of Zeria announced today that her country was severing diplomatic relations with Nandalo because of Nandalo' s flagrant violations of human rights. But Zeria continues to maintain diplomatic relations with many countries that the minister knows to have far worse human-rights records than Nandalo does. Ttherefore, despite the foreign minister' s claim, this latest diplomatic move cannot be explained exclusively by Zeria' s commitment to upholding human rights.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'The country that currently buys most of Zeria's exports recently suggested that it might severely restrict its imports from Zeria unless Zeria broke off diplomatic relations with Nandalo' provides the most support for the argument in the passage.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8589, "premise": "Different from water and air pollution, the concealment of soil pollution is strong. The soil remediation technology that can be used in developed countries may not be applicable in our country. At present, soil in situ remediation technology based on extracellular respiration of microorganisms has become a new force in soil bioremediation technology in South China. Compared with physical and chemical repair, this repair method has the characteristics of high efficiency, low cost, non-destructive, wide application and so on.", "hypothesis": "The soil in remediation technology is developed on the basis of the characteristic soil conditions in South China is the basis of the above argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10638, "premise": "While biodiversity is indispensable to the survival of life on Earth, biodiversity does not require the survival of every currently existing species. For there to be life on Earth, various ecological niches must be filled; many niches, however, can be filled by more than one species.", "hypothesis": "The conclusion drawn in the argument is that the survival of life on Earth depends upon biodiversity.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1350, "premise": "Why do dogs hide their mouths under their forelimbs while cats squeeze their ears under their forelegs? Animals use sensory organs to detect changes in the surrounding environment and react differently to different changes. The dog's sense of smell is particularly sensitive, it relies on the sense of smell to identify some objects, military dogs also rely on the sense of smell to judge the enemy situation and identify the path. For a dog, his nose is the most precious, so when he sleeps, hide his mouth and nose with his forelimbs to protect him, and use his nose to keep an eye on the surrounding movement. if anything happens, he can immediately identify it with his nose, or demonstrate by barking. The cat has a very sensitive sense of hearing. It uses its hearing to detect changes around it. When it catches mice, it uses its hearing to find out where the mice are. For a cat, its ears are the most precious, so when it sleeps, it squeezes its ears under its forelimbs, protects them on the one hand, and puts them on the ground on the other. As soon as it hears a sound, it can take immediate action. After entering the human family, cats and dogs still maintain this sleeping position.", "hypothesis": "The correct interpretation of this passage is that the unique sleeping position of cats and dogs helps to stay alert and protect their most precious sensory organs.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8868, "premise": "The coach of a provincial go team selects four of the seven players E, F, G, H, J, K and M to participate in the professional league. The selection must meet the following conditions: one of E or F will participate, but not both. One of J or K participates, but not both. If J participates, G participates. M will not participate unless F participates.", "hypothesis": "If H does not participate in the competition, F and G are required to participate in the competition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14002, "premise": "More women than men suffer from Alzheimer' s disease -- a disease that is most commonly contracted by elderly persons. This discrepancy has often been attributed to women' s longer life span, but this theory may be wrong. A recent study has shown that prescribing estrogen to women after menopause, when estrogen production in the body decreases, may prevent them from developing the disease. Men' s supply of testosterone may help safeguard them against Alzheimer' s disease because much of it is converted by the body to estrogen, and testosterone levels stay relatively stable into old age.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion of the argument is that a decrease in estrogen, rather than longer life span, may explain the higher occurrence of Alzheimer's disease in women relative to men.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 161, "premise": "Self-contradiction means that in the same thinking or debate process, the same subject makes two negative conclusions about one same object.", "hypothesis": "After Manager Zhang spoke, Chen said: I basically agree with Manager Zhang's opinion completely contains self-contradiction.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12272, "premise": "Suffering from kidney failure and having fallen into a coma, Mr. Smith urgently required a kidney transplant. When Mr. Smith' s cousin volunteered to donate a kidney, Mr. Smith' s daughter had to decide whether to sign the consent form permitting the transplant. She knew that her father strongly objected to transplantation of organs from live donors on the grounds that these operations caused serious disability to the organ donor. Although she knew her father' s objection was based on a mistaken belief about the danger to kidney donors, she decided not to consent to the surgery.", "hypothesis": "Withholding a medically advisable treatment from an unconscious patient is justified if securing that treatment would result in another person's becoming seriously disabled conforms to one of the principles that Mr. Smith's daughter's decision is based on.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5719, "premise": "There is good news and bad news. no matter what topic you talk about, such an opening speech makes people feel a chill all over the body. Then, after this sentence, there is often such a question: do you want to hear good news or bad news first? A new study suggests that you may want to hear the bad news first.", "hypothesis": "If the news comes from someone you trust, the order in which you want to listen to good and bad news will be different weakens the above argument most.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5256, "premise": "In 1784, the famous astronomer William Herschel once wrote that the dark areas on the surface of Mars are oceans, and the brighter areas are land. Herschel speculated that there must be intelligent life on Mars, and they may be similar to us on Earth. Herschel's theory has been popular for more than a century, and even some other astronomers have echoed that vegetation can be observed in some brightly colored areas.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Where there is sea and land, there must be intelligent life\" can best support Herschel's conjecture if it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4086, "premise": "Road rage means driving in a rage, changing lanes randomly, overtaking another car, etc, a kind of mental illness called intermittent, fulminant disorder (IED). studies have found that the proportion of IED patients who test positive for Toxoplasma gondii is twice that of the non-IED group. Researchers believe that Toxoplasma gondii infection may be the culprit leading to IED including road rage.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Toxoplasma gondii overstimulates neurons in the brain that control the threat response, triggering aggression' does not support the researchers point of view if true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11469, "premise": "Politician: The cohesion of a society depends on its members' accepting a set of basic principles. When these principles are routinely called into question, the society begins to erode. Any society, ttherefore, that allows schools to present the society' s set of basic principles as simply one of several alternatives, with the suggestion that students may choose which to accept on the basis of the principles' worth, is inviting its own demise.", "hypothesis": "Given the chance to assess the merits of the principles governing their societies, individuals will rarely find those principles acceptable would, if true, most strengthen the politician's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6098, "premise": "Scientists in France and Belgium are trying to find out whether there are differences between the brains of mathematical geniuses and ordinary people. In their report, they said that the study found that some people can quickly calculate complex mathematical problems, Maybe it's because they can use parts of the brain that other people can't use. Researchers used positron ray scanning technology to compare the brain of a famous mathematician with that of ordinary people. They found that when mathematicians perform problem calculus, the part of the brain usually responsible for long-term memory also becomes active, However, most people don't have this phenomenon. Therefore, researchers infer that mathematicians use more memory in calculus, so as to speed up the calculus. This principle is the same as that of computers. The larger the memory, the faster the operation speed.", "hypothesis": "Brain capacity determines the ability to deal with mathematical problems is consistent with this paragraph.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6276, "premise": "When using antibacterial drugs in the clinic, if choosing the type of drug according to the patient's personal situation, strictly requiring the dose and concentration of the first medication, and following strict regulations in the frequency of drug use and drug compatibility, the spread and deterioration of drug resistance can be controlled, although it cannot completely prevent drug-resistant strains.", "hypothesis": "The author's view on whether drug resistance will occur after the use of antibacterial drugs is undetermined.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10624, "premise": "Internet users justifiably fear identity fraud and other online crimes. The attribute that most Internet crimes have in common is anonymity. Criminals hide behind screen names when perpetrating their crimes and feel safe from apprehension and punishment in doing so because other Internet users cannot learn their true identities, and jurisdictional and budget issues make it difficult for law enforcement agencies to enforce existing laws. Clearly, the only way to reduce such crime in the future is to create a system that requires Internet users to provide their true identities and full contact information in a way that is visible to all other users.", "hypothesis": "The flawed pattern of reasoning in the argument above is most similar to the statement, \"Wildlife biologists report that the population of the Northern Rock Fish is reaching dangerously low levels. The decrease in population is attributed to over fishing by unethical anglers who ignore laws regulating the size and number of the species that may be taken from rivers and streams. Poachers know that there are insufficient numbers of enforcement officers to create a credible threat of apprehension. It is obvious to authorities that the only way to save the species is to implement a total ban on the fishing of Northern Rock Fish immediately.\"", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11030, "premise": "Mayor Pollister always repays his contributors by passing the laws they desire. Since Mayor Pollister recently passed the city' s first clean air act, he must have had a contributor to repay.", "hypothesis": "The assumption on which the argument depends is that the city will be benefited by the passage of the clean air act.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7825, "premise": "Stereotype refers to a society for a certain kind of things to produce a more fixed view, but also a general and general view.", "hypothesis": "The boss liked Xiao Li very much at the first sight and put him in an important position in his work does not have a stereotype.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9790, "premise": "The guarantee of joint and several liability is a kind of guarantee of debt, which refers to the agreement between the guarantor and the creditor that if the debtor fails to perform the debt at the expiration of the time limit for the performance of the debt, the creditor may not only require the debtor to perform the debt, but also require the guarantor to bear the debt within the scope of its guarantee.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the guarantee of joint and several liability includes the situation where A owes B 1 million yuan, A calls C and gives a famous painting in C's collection to B, and it is agreed that if A fails to repay the payment within three months, B has the right to acquire the ownership of the painting.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9363, "premise": "Navigation satellites are located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers and can be navigated by receiving signals throughout their coverage area. Beyond 20,000 kilometers, a whole new navigation system is needed. Astronomers have proposed several possible navigation systems, the most talked about being pulsar navigation. Pulsars are neutron stars that emit radio or X-ray radiation in the direction of their magnetic poles. They pulse when the axis of rotation does not coincide with the magnetic poles and sweeps across the Earth. Some of these pulsars are so stable that they are comparable to the best atomic clocks on Earth that they are also known as the atomic clocks of the universe. If you can pick up their signals and know where they are, you can use them for interstellar voyages.", "hypothesis": "Factors affecting rotational stability of pulsars is most likely to be introduced next.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10782, "premise": "Investment banker: Democracies require free-market capitalist economies, because a more controlled economy is incompatible with complete democracy. But history shows that repressive measures against certain capitalistic developments are required during the transition from a totalitarian regime to a democracy. Thus, people who bemoan the seemingly anticapitalistic measures certain governments are currently taking are being hasty.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that the nations whose anticapitalistic measures the people in question bemoan had totalitarian regimes in the recent past is required by the investment banker's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11324, "premise": "For a television program about astrology, investigators went into the street and found twenty volunteers born under the sign of Gemini who were willing to be interviewed on the program and to take a personality test. The test confirmed the investigators' personal impressions that each of the volunteers was more sociable and extroverted than people are on average. This modest investigation thus supports the claim that one' s astrological birth sign influences one' s personality.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'People who are not sociable and extroverted are not likely to agree to participate in such an investigation' indicates the most serious flaw in the method used by the investigators.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7028, "premise": "If criticism is not free, praise is meaningless. In a sense, the credibility of praise depends on the freedom of criticism. If we are in an environment where we can't freely express criticism, no matter how fully the voice of praise is expressed, we can't let the public believe it, Because the most authentic evaluation is always produced in a freely competitive speech environment. Once this institutional soil to ensure the credibility of praise speech is missing, even if the praise really comes from the true feelings of the parties, the effect will be greatly reduced.", "hypothesis": "The most accurate gist of this passage is \"If you can freely express criticism, you can have real praise\".", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3292, "premise": "A:eat fish can make people smart.B:Yes, I do not love to eat fish since childhood, so I am stupid.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Anyone who doesn't like to eat fish must be stupid' must be added as the premise in order to make B's argument valid.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14258, "premise": "When exercising the muscles in one' s back, it is important, in order to maintain a healthy back, to exercise the muscles on opposite sides of the spine equally. After all, balanced muscle development is needed to maintain a healthy back, since the muscles on opposite sides of the spine must pull equally in opposing directions to keep the back in proper alignment and protect the spine.", "hypothesis": "Exercising the muscles on opposite sides of the spine unequally tends to lead to unbalanced muscle development is an assumption required by the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 1689, "premise": "In the naval battle between Britain and Denmark in Copenhagen, British Navy Colonel Nelson was in danger and received a signal to retreat. When the captain asked him what to do, he raised the telescope to one of his blind eyes and said, I don't see that signal. So he bravely continued to command the battle, and the result was victory, and Denmark was forced to call a truce.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Nayunson found a reason for not carrying out the order.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13736, "premise": "The blue-tipped puffer is a migratory bird that is found along the coast of this state in summer months. The puffers enjoy the seeds of Thomson' s Mulberry trees; because these trees are plentiful in the state' s Coastal Park, traditionally many blue-tipped puffers would be found in the park during summer months. Ten years ago, the grey fox, a primary predator of the puffer, was re-introduced into the park, and its numbers have been thriving. Over that time, we have seen many fewer puffers in the park during the summer months. Clearly, the puffers are choosing to spend their summers elsewhere.", "hypothesis": "The most important thing to determine in order to evaluate the argument is what other birds and small mammals the grey fox typically hunts besides the blue-tipped puffers.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12557, "premise": "Godinez: In the past, land was sometimes measured by the amount of time required to plow it. Thus, two plots of equal physical dimensions were considered unequal if one was more difficult to plow than the other. However, knowing how long an area takes to plow reveals little about how many apartment complexes it can hold. Ttherefore, it became necessary to adopt new measures of land, such as acreage, when land uses diversified.", "hypothesis": "The main conclusion drawn in Godinez's argument is that the advent of diversified land uses made new measures of land necessary.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5387, "premise": "Road traffic accident refers to the event of personal injury or property loss caused by vehicle fault or accident on the road. Among them, road refers to roads, urban roads and places where social motor vehicles are allowed to pass although within the jurisdiction of the unit, including squares, public parking lots and other places used for public passage. Vehicle refers to motor vehicles and non motor vehicles. Non motor vehicles, It refers to the means of transport driven by human or animal power and running on the road, as well as the motor wheelchair, electric bicycle and other means of transport for the disabled whose design maximum speed, empty vehicle quality and overall dimensions meet the relevant national standards although driven by power devices.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Wang accidentally knocking down an old man while reversing in the closed management community doesn't belong to road traffic accident according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 313, "premise": "There are more users of the cable TV pay channels in city X than in city Y, so citizens of city X are more aware of international current affairs than citizens of city Y.", "hypothesis": "The monthly rental fee of the cable TV pay channels in city X is lower than that of similar channels in city Y will weaken the above argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5915, "premise": "In the past 15 years, there have been great innovations in world technology, especially in communications, information and electronics. Undoubtedly, technological progress has improved production, and strengthening technical forces is an important factor in promoting economic growth.", "hypothesis": "Technological innovation can promote production development can be derived.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3059, "premise": "Li said, I passed all the exams in all subjects this time and got my motor vehicle driver's license. If what Li said is not", "hypothesis": "Li didn't pass the exams in all the subjects is correct.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4998, "premise": "Guardianship is a system of legal supervision and protection of the person, property and other lawful rights and interests of a citizen or entity without a civil capacity or capacity.", "hypothesis": "A reasonable guarding requirement is that Xiao Liu forbade her daughter, who went to primary school, from leaving home after 8 p.m.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13608, "premise": "Fremont: Simpson is not a viable candidate for chief executive of Pod Oil because he has no background in the oil industry. Galindo: I disagree. An oil industry background is no guarantee of success. Look no further than Pod Oil' s last chief executive, who had decades of oil industry experience but steered the company to the brink of bankruptcy.", "hypothesis": "Galindo's argument is flawed in that it rests on a confusion between whether an attribute is necessary for success and whether that attribute is sufficient for success.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6084, "premise": "More and more people have become blind followers of the Internet. They are afraid that their habitual virtual identity will be preempted by others in an online community. This scene seems to be somewhat similar to the free e-mail boom around 1999. At that time, statistics show that each Internet user has registered an average of 8.6 e-mails. By 2005, only 18% of these e-mails were still in use, The average e-mail used by each Internet natural person is only 1.73. Similarly, only a few community registrants will become surviving online natural persons. Everyone's limited energy and time determine the ceiling height of online communities in the future.", "hypothesis": "The paragraph is intended to illustrate that online communities should learn the lessons of the free e-mail boom.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7888, "premise": "Invisible implantation refers to the propaganda strategy that affects the audience unconsciously through peripheral information, symbol system and other imperceptible forms.", "hypothesis": "An Invisible implantation is when in a TV series, all characters use the same brand of mobile phone and use the brand's classic ringtone.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7142, "premise": "Xiao Ming has to go to an English cram class outside the school every weekend. Xiao Qiang has never been to an English cram class. As a result, the English scores of Xiao Ming and Xiao Qiang in the final exam are 95 and 55 respectively. Therefore, the reason why Xiao Ming's English score is better than Xiao Qiang is that he went to an English cram class outside the school.", "hypothesis": "Xiao Gang has never been to an English tutorial class and scored 80 points in the English test this time is the most difficult to weaken the above assertion.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3929, "premise": "There are seven brothers and sisters in the family, but only one of them is known as A, B, C, D, E, F,G:A has three sisters. B has a brother. C is a woman and she has two sisters. D has two younger brothers. E has two older sisters. F is also a woman, but she and G have no younger sisters.", "hypothesis": "A, B, E, G are male and D,C,F are female is the correct answer about gender.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9084, "premise": "Some people think that only by establishing a good institutional mechanism can corruption be fundamentally put an end to. However, in Chinese society, once an atmosphere is formed, even a powerful system will be torn apart by it. righting the hearts of the people and then the world. If we want to solve the problem fundamentally, we must take rectifying the hearts of the people as the foundation. Only when the hearts of the people are upright can the wind of corruption and utilitarianism be eliminated, and can the anti-corruption system be truly established and effectively implemented.", "hypothesis": "The system is the foundation of straightening the hearts of the people. with the anti-corruption system and strict implementation, the atmosphere will change is the hypothesis on which the above argument depends.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5915, "premise": "In the past 15 years, there have been great innovations in world technology, especially in communications, information and electronics. Undoubtedly, technological progress has improved production, and strengthening technical forces is an important factor in promoting economic growth.", "hypothesis": "Technological progress determines economic growth can be derived from the information provided.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14495, "premise": "The familiar slogan survival of the fittest is popularly used to express the claim, often mistakenly attributed to evolutionary biologists, that the fittest are most likely to survive. However, biologists use the term fittest to mean most likely to survive,  so the slogan is merely claiming that the most likely to survive are the most likely to survive. While this claim is clearly true, it is a tautology and so is neither informative nor of scientific interest.", "hypothesis": "The argument above depends on assuming that popular slogans are seldom informative or of scientific interest.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6764, "premise": "Reducing the death penalty does not mean that loopholes can be exploited. In fact, one of the conditions for abolishing the death penalty in any country is that the judicial justice in this country reaches a certain degree, otherwise people do not have confidence in the administration of justice, people will want to impose more death sentences, so they complement each other.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"Conditions for abolishing the death penalty and judicial justice\" refers to the \"they\" in the above text.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13267, "premise": "Skeletal remains of early humans indicate clearly that our ancestors had fewer dental problems than we have. So, most likely, the diet of early humans was very different from ours.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Diet is by far the most significant factor contributing to dental health' most strengthens the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4302, "premise": "the school's flood fighting rescue donation team received a large amount of unsigned donation. After searching in many ways,it can be concluded that it was donated by one of Zhao,Qian,Sun,and Li. Upon inquiry,Zhao said It was not my donation,Qian said It was donated by Li,Sun said It was donated by money,Li saidI definitely didn't donate. Finally, a detailed investigation confirmed that only one of the four people was telling the truth.", "hypothesis": "Based on the above known conditions, Li is telling the truth and Zhao donated it is true.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5062, "premise": "Concept is a thinking form that reflects the essential attributes of objects. The extension of concept refers to all objects with the essential attributes reflected by the concept. According to whether there are overlapping parts between concept extensions, the relationship between concepts can be divided into compatible relationship and incompatible relationship. The compatible relationship between concepts refers to the relationship that two concept extensions at least partially overlap.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, the concept 'College Students - CPC Members' is not compatible.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2145, "premise": "Stimulus generalization means that the conditioned organism learns the behavior of making a specific response to a certain stimulus, so it can make the same behavioral response to similar stimuli. Stimulus differentiation is to enable the organism to learn to make different behavioral responses to conditioned stimuli and similar stimuli through selective reinforcement and regression.", "hypothesis": "After a certain brand of toothpaste becomes a famous brand, the manufacturer names its cosmetics after the same brand, which takes advantage of the Stimulus generalization of customer is not true according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 14189, "premise": "Politician: It has been proposed that the national parks in our country be managed by private companies rather than the government. A similar privatization of the telecommunications industry has benefited consumers by allowing competition among a variety of telephone companies to improve service and force down prices. Ttherefore, the privatization of the national parks would probably benefit park visitors as well.", "hypothesis": "The privatization of the telecommunications industry has been problematic in that it has led to significantly increased unemployment and economic instability in that industry most weakens the politician's argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4998, "premise": "Guardianship is a system of legal supervision and protection of the person, property and other lawful rights and interests of a citizen or entity without a civil capacity or capacity.", "hypothesis": "A reasonable guarding requirement is that Li Ma asked her son to keep all his earnings after he joined the work.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10824, "premise": "Excavations of the Roman city of Sepphoris have uncovered numerous detailed mosaics depicting several readily identifiable animal species: a hare, a partridge, and various Mediterranean fish. Oddly, most of the species represented did not live in the Sepphoris region when these mosaics were created. Since identical motifs appear in mosaics found in other Roman cities, however, the mosaics of Sepphoris were very likely created by traveling artisans from some other part of the Roman Empire.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that there was not a common repertory of mosaic designs with which artisans who lived in various parts of the Roman Empire were familiar is on which the argument depends.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 10670, "premise": "The position that punishment should be proportional to how serious the offense is but that repeat offenders should receive harsher punishments than first-time offenders is unsustainable. It implies that considerations as remote as what an offender did years ago are relevant to the seriousness of an offense. If such remote considerations were relevant, almost every other consideration would be too. But this would make determining the seriousness of an offense so difficult that it would be impossible to apply the proportionality principle.", "hypothesis": "The statement that considerations as remote as what an offender did years ago are relevant to the seriousness of an offense plays the role of an allegedly untenable consequence of a view rejected in the argument's overall conclusion.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4889, "premise": "State A has an alliance with state B, and state B has an alliance with state C. Therefore, state A has an alliance with state C.", "hypothesis": "None of the above is true is the answer to the question 'This reasoning system'.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11128, "premise": "Coherent solutions for the problem of reducing health-care costs cannot be found within the current piecemeal system of paying these costs. The reason is that this system gives health-care providers and insurers every incentive to shift, wherever possible, the costs of treating illness onto each other or any other party, including the patient. That clearly is the lesson of the various reforms of the 1980s: push in on one part of this pliable spending balloon and an equally expensive bulge pops up elsewhere. For example, when the government health-care insurance program for the poor cut costs by disallowing payments for some visits to physicians, patients with advanced illness later presented themselves at hospital emergency rooms in increased numbers.", "hypothesis": "The argument proceeds by showing that shifting costs onto the patient contradicts the premise of health-care reimbursement.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11104, "premise": "Congress has passed a law that scales back the tax credits offered to purchasers of hybrid cars. Because of this, the number of hybrid cars sold each year, which has approximately doubled in each of the last five years, is likely to flatten in the next few years.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Gasoline prices are projected to fall over the next few years' most weakens the conclusion that the number of hybrid cars sold annually is likely to flatten in the next few years.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11433, "premise": "The introduction of symbols for numbers is an event lost in prehistory, but the earliest known number symbols, in the form of simple grooves and scratches on bones and stones, date back 20, 000 years or more. Nevertheless, since it was not until 5, 500 years ago that systematic methods for writing numerals were invented, it was only then that any sort of computation became possible.", "hypothesis": "The assumption that grooves and scratches inscribed on bones and stones do not date back to the time of the earliest people is an assumption on which the argument relies.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12163, "premise": "Spring Mountain College recently sent out a survey to the graduating class of 2003 asking that the graduates provide their class rank. Surprisingly, the survey results revealed that most of the students ranked in the top third of the class.", "hypothesis": "The survey results would most likely be explained by the statement 'All the graduates of 2003 had a positive experience while at Spring Mountain College'.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 426, "premise": "Psychological contract refers to the implied relationship between the individual and the organization that is not expressly stipulated in the respective responsibilities and expectations of each other.", "hypothesis": "A measure to establish a psychological contract is the promise to provide employees with interest free loans for house purchase according to the above definition.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5738, "premise": "Water conservancy projects are projects that are used to control and adjust the surface water and groundwater in nature to achieve the purpose of eliminating harms and benefiting.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, urban sewage treatment plants using microorganisms to decompose and absorb organic matter in the water does not involve water conservancy projects.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5954, "premise": "It has become a new fashion for readers to read various online novels online. Click-through novels stand out on the basis of online novels and become a new publishing mode. Works on the Internet are published because of the high click-through rate, and online authors can get royalties Income. The website earns high click-through rate because of its popularity, and publishers judge the market because of high click-through rate and popularity, and win market sales performance. In order to obtain a higher click-through rate, some professional writers even write books according to the requirements of the publisher.", "hypothesis": "Online reading will gradually replace the traditional reading mode cannot be derived according to the above article.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5546, "premise": "Digital family refers to computer technology and network technology as the basis for various electrical appliances through different ways of interconnection of communication and data exchange, to achieve interconnection between electrical appliances, so that people can more convenient and efficient access to information, thereby greatly improving the comfort and entertainment of human habitation.", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Xiao Liu using the rice cooker appointment timing function to let the rice cooker start working automatically at a predetermined time does not involve a digital family.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 959, "premise": "Commodity price difference: refers to the price difference of the same commodity due to different circulation links, quality, purchase and sales areas and seasons.", "hypothesis": "The prices of Haier TVs and TCL TVs are different does not belong to the commodity price difference according to the definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5926, "premise": "In the four rooms with room numbers one, two, three, and four on the same side, four experts from South Korea, France, Britain and Germany lived respectively. A reporter came to interview them,and the Korean said my room number is larger than the German,and I can't speak foreign languages,nor can I communicate with my neighbors.The French saidi can speak German,but I can't communicate with my neighbors.The British saidi can speak Korean,but I can only communicate with one of my neighbors.The German saidi can speak the languages of our four countries.", "hypothesis": "According to the order of the room number from smallest to largest, the nationalities of the rooms are Germany, Britain, France, and South Korea.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13299, "premise": "Advice columnist: Several scientific studies have shown that, when participating in competitive sports, those people who have recently been experiencing major stress in their lives are several times more likely to suffer serious injuries than are other participants in competitive sports. Since risking serious injury is unwise, no sports activity should be used as a method for coping with stress.", "hypothesis": "The principle 'If people recently under stress should avoid a subset of activities of a certain type, they should avoid all activities of that type' most helps to justify the reasoning in the advice columnist's argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 15012, "premise": "The National Farm Administration (NFA) has been concerned over the last decade with the struggles of barley growers. Plan: In an effort to support these barley growers, two years ago, the NFA began a program of sending them, each autumn, a free special mix of fertilizer and enzymes designed to multiply barley yield, to be applied the following spring during first growth. This mix had been stunningly successful in multiplying the yield of barley in laboratory conditions. Results: Most barley growers reported little change in their economic status over this two year period.", "hypothesis": "Some of the enzymes in the special mix multiply the growth of a bacteria that feeds on the young barley plants does most to explain the result that followed the implementation of the plan.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 11486, "premise": "A recent study has found that, surprisingly, the risk of serious injuries to workers is higher in industries that are monitored by government safety inspectors than in industries that are not so monitored.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Government safety inspectors not only monitor but also train employees of the inspected firms to follow safe practices' most helps to explain the surprising finding described above.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13379, "premise": "Since 1990 the percentage of bacterial sinus infections in Aqadestan that are resistant to the antibiotic perxicillin has increased substantially. Bacteria can quickly develop resistance to an antibiotic when it is prescribed indiscriminately or when patients fail to take it as prescribed. Since perxicillin has not been indiscriminately prescribed, health officials hypothesize that the increase in perxicillin-resistant sinus infections is largely due to patients' failure to take this medication as prescribed.", "hypothesis": "A large number of Aqadestanis never seek medical help when they have a sinus infection, if true of Aqadestan, provides most support for the health officials' hypothesis.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 8460, "premise": "Quoting an article in New Scientist magazine, Cleary said that the role of memory is not necessarily to remember the past, but to help us move into the future. Memory sometimes uses imagination and creation to let us know what to do next, or how to react in certain situations. Some people think that they have the ability to foresee the future, but they may be fragmented memories of the past. If the feeling of deja vu comes from an unremembered memory, it is easy to create the illusion that what happens next also comes from this memory and that you have psychic abilities.", "hypothesis": "Deja vu cannot help us see the future is inconsistent with the above point of view.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 9504, "premise": "With the increase of the contribution rate of science and technology to economic and social development and the deepening of the involvement of science and technology in life, the relationship between ordinary people and science and technology has become closer. Popular science has increasingly become a common expectation of people when it comes to life. And this puts forward higher requirements for popular science innovation. Of course, the first thing to innovate in popular science is to update the ideas and contents of popular science in a timely manner, and to inform the public of the ever-changing achievements of scientific and technological development in an easy-to-understand way. At the same time, it also means the innovation of the forms and means of science popularization. Adding elements of literature and art is the proper meaning of the title_ _ The older generation of scientific workers are very good at borrowing the power of literature and art. For example, when we read Mr. Zhu Kezhen's popular science articles such as hurricane and cloud, we will be impressed by his accurate and vivid words.", "hypothesis": "The statement \"In fact, popular science itself is literary\" is the most appropriate to fill in the horizontal part of the painting.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7143, "premise": "Computer programmers who work on the computer screen for a long time are prone to myopia. In order to help these people prevent and alleviate myopia, the company has printed and distributed brochures for employees to teach them some methods to prevent and treat myopia.", "hypothesis": "The statement 'Myopia is difficult to self-prevent and treat' can most question the effectiveness of the above publicity.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4326, "premise": "International trade is a cross-border transaction activity, which is the circulation of goods, technology, labor, and information between a country and other countries or regions in the world.", "hypothesis": "According to the definition, Israel's Ministry of Defense ordering a batch of fighter jets from the U.S is international trade.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 3593, "premise": "A joint venture refers to an economic organization formed by two or more corporate legal persons or public institution legal persons with the same or different ownership properties, based on the principles of voluntariness, equality, and mutual benefit.", "hypothesis": "Zhang and a technology company jointly invested and established a trading company is a joint venture.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4818, "premise": "Neuropathy refers to the organic and functional disorders of the nervous system (brain, spinal cord, central nerve and peripheral nerve) and its accessory structures (meninges, cerebrovascular, muscle, etc.).", "hypothesis": "According to the above definition, Liver cancer is not a neuropathic disease.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 12922, "premise": "The radiation absorbed by someone during an ordinary commercial airline flight is no more dangerous than that received during an ordinary dental X-ray. Since a dental X-ray does negligible harm to a person, we can conclude that the radiation absorbed by members of commercial airline flight crews will also do them negligible harm.", "hypothesis": "Flying at high altitude involves risks in addition to exposure to minor radiation is a flaw in the argument.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 5613, "premise": "In the process of moving from developing China to economically developed countries, a large amount of capital support is an essential condition, and a high savings rate is a necessary condition for obtaining a large amount of capital. At present, China is in the period of economic take-off. Therefore, a high savings rate is a normal and reasonable phenomenon in the current economic development.", "hypothesis": "Without a high savings rate, the transition to developed countries cannot be achieved can be inferred from the information above.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 6987, "premise": "Ballet in China has been more than a century since it was performed at the court in the late Qing Dynasty, and it has been nearly 100 years since Russia began to teach in Shanghai in the 1920s. There is indeed a big gap between ballet and Chinese traditional aesthetics, but the Chinese can accept it smoothly for a hundred years. Even in the years of the Cultural Revolution, ballet was still popular on the stage and played an important role as a model. Ballet, once appreciated by the European court, has been Sinicized in China, and a number of Chinese players have stepped onto the podium in the international arena.", "hypothesis": "The main content of this text is that Ballet has become a miracle that foreign culture takes root and blossoms in China.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 13927, "premise": "Scientists have made genetic modifications to cotton to increase its resistance to insect pests. According to farmers' report, the amount of insecticide needed per acre to control insect pests was only slightly lower for those who tried the modified seed than for those who did not. Ttherefore, since the modified seed costs more than ordinary seed without producing yields of higher market value, switching to the modified seed would be unlikely to benefit most cotton farmers economically.", "hypothesis": "It would be most useful to know whether the farmers who have tried the modified seed planted as many acres of cotton, on average, as farmers using the ordinary seed did in order to evaluate the argument.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Necessry Condtional Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 4368, "premise": "Arrest refers to a coercive method used by public security organs, people's procuratorates and people's courts to prevent defendants from evading or obstructing investigations and trials, or continuing to endanger society, and depriving them of their personal freedom in accordance with the law.", "hypothesis": "The criminal Tian Mou stole 150,000 yuan of property, and in order to avoid the pursuit, he also injured a public security officer. After the public security organ caught him, he asked the People's Procuratorate for approval and sent him to a detention center is an arrest according to the above definition.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7274, "premise": "As long as the rule of law and truly people - oriented,, we can completely solve the problem of arrears of migrant workers wages. According to a survey conducted during the Spring Festival in 2004, wage arrears to migrant workers are still serious in some places.", "hypothesis": "In some places, there is neither the rule of law nor the people-oriented can be inferred.", "label": "not-entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 2667, "premise": "There are four kinds of green tea, black tea, scented tea and white tea in the four boxes numbered 1, 2, 3 and 4. Each box contains only one kind of tea, and each kind of tea contains only one box. It is known that: (1) the boxes of green tea and black tea are in the range of No. 1, 2 and 3; (2) the boxes of black tea and scented tea are in the range of No. 2, 3 and 4; (3) the boxes of white tea are in the range of No. 1, 2 and 3.", "hypothesis": "Based on this, it can be concluded that Scented tea is on the 4th is correct.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}
{"id": 7709, "premise": "History is a mirror. In the 1960 s and 1970 s, the Earth is experiencing a cooling baptism. At that time, there was an international trend of Cooling off. The world was facing a little ice age and the temperature would continue to drop. In response to this Cooling off, the governments of the time did not take any action to slow or prevent further cooling. Now, the international community has started to say global warming, What should we do? If a little action had been taken to raise global temperatures, it would be hard to say whether it was a credit or a fault. Obviously, science can not be promoted by any kind of consensus, but should be based on objective and serious research.", "hypothesis": "Further objective and serious scientific research on global climate change is needed for the global warming can be inferred from the information provided.", "label": "entailment", "type": {"Categorical Reasoning": true, "Sufficient Conditional Reasoning": true, "Disjunctive Reasoning": true, "Conjunctive Reasoning": true}}